# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2007

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

However, at this point, he had expended most of his magic power, and his combat prowess was now pitifully weak. As such, he had no choice but to summon a yellow futon and immediately sat down onto it to meditate and recuperate.

The pills that he had taken earlier had ensured that he didn't self-detonate, but there was naturally no way that he could've absorbed all of them in such a short time, so there was an extremely fearsome burst of medicinal power gathered within his body. If he couldn't repress this medicinal power in time, then the consequences would be catastrophic.

Thankfully, there was a spatial restriction around him, and the Leopard Kirin Beast was also present, so he didn't' have to worry about being disrupted.

A short while later, a layer of golden light appeared over Han Li's body, and he suddenly made a hand seal before pointing a finger toward his own chest several times in rapid succession.

A dozen or so hair-thin silver threads shot forth before vanishing into his body in a flash, sealing off some vital parts of his meridians. He then swept sleeve through the air to release a dozen or so talismans of different colors, which also flew directly toward his body.

These talismans exploded into balls of flames amid a string of dull thumps, then transformed into several large runs that vanished into his body in a flash.

Han Li gave a muffled groan as golden light swept over his face, and his aura swelled slightly before immediately returning to a stable condition.

Moments later, he exhaled and finally opened his eyes. "I've managed to repress everything for now; I wonder how things are going on the other end," Han Li murmured to himself as he rose to his feet, then cast his gaze toward a certain direction.

Buddhist Monk Jin Yue and the white-robed elderly man were most likely still locked in battle against the Xue Guang clone.

Just as Han Li was thinking about what he was going to do next, the space in the distance suddenly tremored violently, following which an earth-shattering boom erupted.

The surrounding light barrier was instantly shattered, and the entire spatial formation was destroyed.

The 36 male cultivators stumbled out of thin air, and all of them had been dealt heavy blows from the backlash of having the formation destroyed.

Han Li's expression changed slightly as he focused his gaze toward that direction, upon which he was greeted by the sight of a massive crimson skeleton that was wreaking havoc with reckless abandon.

The skeleton was over 1,000 feet tall, and had three heads and six arms, wielding six different heavy black weapons.

The six devilish weapons were swung through the air in unison, sweeping up gusts of fierce devilish winds.

At the top of the skeletons center head stood the Xue Guang, who was carrying a huge black seal with one hand. His eyes were tightly shut, and it seemed that he was dedicating all of his efforts to controlling the skeleton beneath him.

Up ahead, both the white-robed elderly man and Buddhist Monk Jin Yue were in an extremely sorry state. Buddhist Monk Jin Yue's golden kasaya had been torn to shreds, and a huge crimson handprint had appeared on his chest. The handprint had left an indentation that was over half a foot deep, and it appears that several of his ribs had been pulverized, but there was no blood flowing out of his body.

Meanwhile, the white-robed elderly man's face had turned very pale, and the light radiating from the Sevenflame Fan in his hand had also dimmed significantly.

Both of them had several treasures flying around them, forming layers of light barriers that shielded them within, but in the face of the fierce devilish winds, the light barriers were displaying clear signs of strain and looked as if they could crumble at any moment.

It was quite clear that the crimson skeleton had been responsible for destroying the spatial restriction.

Han Li's expression darkened slightly upon seeing this. This final Xue Guang clone seemed to be far more powerful than he had anticipated.

Even so, his expression remained completely unchanged, and an object suddenly appeared in his hand, which was concealed within his sleeve.

Following the disappearance of the restriction, the three combatants naturally caught sight of Han Li. Expressions of elation immediately appeared on the faces of the white-robed elderly man and Buddhist Monk Jin Yue, while a bewildered look appeared in Xue Guang's eyes.

They had only been separated from Han Li and the burly devilish man for a short time, but now, Han Li was completely unscathed, while the burly man was nowhere to be seen.

Xue Guang was well aware of just how powerful the burly man was; even his true body may not be able to kill the burly man. As such, he immediately arrived at the conclusion that there was no way that Han Li could've killed the burly man, and he hurriedly swept his gaze through the surrounding area.

"Fellow Daoist Han, please come and assist us!"

After failing to sense the burly devilish man's aura, Xue Guang swept his spiritual sense toward Han Li, following which the giant crimson skull beneath him immediately lashed out toward Han Li with its six devilish weapons.

A gust of fierce devilish wind swept forth, and within the gust of black wind were over 1,000 devilish weapon projections of different descriptions. It was clear that Xue Guang had sensed just how feeble Han Li's aura currently was, and he immediately made an attempt to kill Han Li on the spot.

Indeed, this attack was extremely powerful, and it would not be an easy task for Han Li to withstand it in his current state. However, he remained completely unflustered and merely swept a sleeve through the air to release an inky-black bracelet, which, in turn, released countless golden flowers.

These golden flowers circled around before transforming into over 10,000 fist-sized golden beetles, all of which were extremely ferocious in appearance. These were none other than Han Li's mature Gold Devouring Beetles.

Even though Han Li's physical body and magic power were both in a severely depleted state, his spiritual sense was still close to its peak condition, so he was able to control all of these Gold Devouring Beetles with relative ease.

The Gold Devouring Beetles converged to form a golden cloud at his behest, then positioned themselves in front of Han Li like a massive shield.

The devilish containing the countless weapon projections struck the wall of golden beetles amid a resounding boom, but the wall refused to budge and managed to keep the devilish winds at bay.

Xue Guang's expression changed slightly upon seeing this, yet before he had a chance to do anything, Han Li suddenly pointed a finger toward him, and instructed, "Go!"

The golden wall of beetles immediately split up into a buzzing swarm, and after just a few flashes, it had reached the crimson skeletons.

"Gold Devouring Beetles?" Xue Guang exclaimed as his expression changed drastically.

The skeleton beneath him immediately hurled its weapons toward the swarm of beetles at his behest, and the weapons transformed into six giant black pythons mid-flight.

As for Xue Guang himself, he hurriedly stomped a foot down onto the skeleton's head, and a gust of fierce crimson wind was swept up, carrying both him and the skeleton rapidly away into the distance.

A string of resounding booms rang out as the six giant black pythons plunged into the golden swarm of beetles, only to completely vanish after just a few flashes.

The swarm of beetles then transformed into a giant black falcon that flapped its wings vigorously and shot forth in pursuit as an incredibly fast streak of golden light.

The white-robed elderly man and Buddhist Monk Jin Yue were naturally ecstatic to see this, and the former hurriedly said, "Use that thing right now! This is the perfect opportunity!"

"My thoughts exactly," Buddhist Monk Jin Yue replied without any hesitation before flipping both hands over to reveal two halves of a silk handkerchief.

The handkerchief was yellow with age, and there were some dirty runes inscribed on its surface, giving it the appearance of a filthy old rag. However, the two elders were regarding it as if it were a priceless treasure. As soon as the item was summoned, Buddhist Monk Jin Yue began to chant something before tossing the two halves of the handkerchief in Xue Guang's direction.

Two balls of grey light rose up into the air, then combined together to form a taichi diagram, which then vanished into thin air in a flash.

The sky darkened as countless black clouds instantly appeared in the air, and a rumbling thunderclap rang out, following which the clouds parted to reveal a taichi diagram the size of a small city, encompassing an area down below that was over 1,000 acres in size.

Regardless of whether it was the fleeing Xue Guang or the other devilish beings beneath the diagram, all of them immediately became extremely slow and sluggish. However, this type of restrictive power wasn't anywhere near significant for devilish lords, and they were able to brush it off by simply circulating their magic power throughout their bodies.

As for Xue Guang, he was barely slowed down at all before accelerating back to his original speed.

However, right at this moment, the white-robed elderly man and Buddhist Monk Jin Yue both began to chant something, and their voices reverberated over the entire battlefield.

In the next instant, the giant taichi diagram shrank down to only around an acre in size with Xue Guang situated right at its very center.

Countless five-colored runes then surged out of the diagram in a frenzy, it was as if the diagram had suddenly attained a substantial form.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2007
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
