# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2025

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

The giant golden figure harrumphed coldly, "Hmph, you sure dare to dream! If you dared to try this in the True Immortal Realm, you'd be committing a cardinal transgression that would lead to your entire race being wiped out by immortal enforcers!"

"Hehe, but this isn't the True Immortal Realm. No matter how powerful the immortal enforcers are, they won't be able to detect anything that's happening in a lower realm as long as it doesn't affect the True Immortal Realm. After I consume the Immortal Soul Pill refined from your soul, I'll be able to advance even further in my cultivation base and take our Spirit Race to unprecedented heights! Besides, this is the only way to truly kill the soul of an immortal soul, so I have no other choice," the elderly voice replied in an implacable manner.

As opposed to being enraged upon hearing this, the giant humanoid figure suddenly burst into laughter. "To think that I would be reduced to such a sorry state by mere spirit servants. At the height of my powers, I would've erased a Grand Ascension Stage being like you in the blink of an eye! Let me see how you're going to seal my soul!"

Immediately thereafter, he swept his arms violently upward and cast around a dozen incantation seals in rapid succession, all of which vanished into the Spirit Capturing Heavenly Net up above.

The aura of the net was immediately bolstered by over twofold, and it swept upward with tremendous force, causing the giant silver bead to rise up by over 100 feet.

The eight Holy Spirits who were maintaining the formation were all very alarmed to see this, and they immediately injected even more magic power into the formation plates they were holding.

Piercing light erupted out from the formation plate, following which a buzzing sound rang out from within the formation. The surrounding runes surged before forming several more thick runed chains that swept toward the massive humanoid figure, but it was too late.

After forcing the giant silver bead upward, the huge humanoid figure's stagnant magic power suddenly recovered for a split second, and that was enough for him to unleash a life-saving ability.

He let loose a low roar, and the dozen or so devilish projections behind him exploded before vanishing into his body as bursts of crimson mist.

His body had been slightly blurry and indistinct before, but it instantly became a lot clearer, and his suit of golden armor shattered to reveal the bronze-colored skin of his upper body.

On his chest was the image of an extremely life-like golden flower, and as soon as the image appeared, the humanoid figure began to rapidly chant an ancient incantation that had never been uttered in the Spirit Realm.

The golden flower image shuddered slightly before turning as red as blood, and a bloody gorey scent wafted forth, following which the flower emerged slowly from his chest as if it had actual substance.

"That's a Blooddrop Poria Flower! You no longer possess a physical body; you have the body of a flower demon!" the elderly voice exclaimed from within the golden palace.

The giant humanoid figure paid no heed to this and lowered his head before exhaling toward the massive crimson flower.

The nearby world's origin Qi instantly swept toward the crimson flower in a frenzy, and the entire sky dimmed as gigantic five-colored clouds appeared overhead, creating an incredible sight to behold.

After absorbing so much of the world's origin Qi, the crimson flower swelled to over 10 times its original size and was giving off a very unsettling feeling.

"Have you gone insane? You're planning to detonate this flower? Don't you know that your physical body will also be destroyed by the explosion?" A hint of astonishment and horror had crept into the elderly voice.

At the same time, spatial fluctuations erupted in the air above the golden palace, following which a humanoid figure emerged.

This was a white-robed elderly man with a set of remarkably youthful facial features, and he was looking down at the massive crimson flower with a nervous expression.

"Hehe, detonating my physical body is much better than being refined into a pill. With the power of my soul, I'll be able to manifest a new body soon enough. If you know what's good for you, then you'll deactivate this formation and withdraw the Immortal Sealing Bead right away, and I'll also let bygones be bygones. You recognize this demonic flower, so I'm sure you're aware of how powerful its detonation would be. At the very least, it'll be enough to reduce all of you to dust," the giant humanoid figure threatened.

The white-robed man's expression darkened significantly upon hearing this, but he didn't offer a response.

The expressions on the faces of the eight Holy Spirits had also become very strained after sensing the fearsome power radiating from the giant crimson flower. However, without any instruction from the white-robed elderly man, they didn't dare to do anything and could only continue to maintain the formation with all their might.

The white-robed elderly man's expression changed several times before a ruthless look appeared in his eyes. "I can consider letting you go after I've sealed you!"

Immediately, thereafter, he vanished on the spot.

"So you really want to die? Fine, I'll send all of you on your way then!" the giant humanoid figure roared, but a hint of a hesitation crept into his eyes as he cast his gaze toward the huge crimson flower.

He had made it sound like manifesting a new physical body would be a very simple matter for him, but that was actually far from the truth. Even if he had extremely good fortune, it would still take tens of thousands of years before he could attain a new body.

On top of that, the process through which he had manifested this physical body using the Blooddrop Poria Flower had been an extremely arduous one, and it had taken him over 100,000 thousand years and countless painstaking effort to attain it.

With this physical body, it wouldn't be impossible for him to eventually return to the peak of his powers through diligent cultivation. If he were to lose this body, he was not confident that he would be able to find another body as suitable as this one, and he didn't know whether he would ever be able to return to his peak.

However, these doubts only ran through his mind for a brief moment before he gritted his teeth and made a decision. He resumed his chanting and pointed a finger at the giant crimson flower, and it swelled drastically once again.

White cracks suddenly began to appear over all of its petals, and a terrifying aura that was several times more powerful before erupted out of it.

At the same time, the gigantic five-colored clouds up above had combined as one to encompass the entire sky, and it was descending at a rate that was discernible to the naked eye.

As it descended, the eight Holy Spirits felt their bodies become extremely heavy and sluggish, as if a giant mountain were weighing down upon them.

They were naturally very alarmed by this, and protective treasures flew out of their bodies as balls of spiritual light before forming layers of light barriers around them. This allowed them to regain their mobility, and they immediately flew back in retreat in a panicked manner.

They appeared to be flying very quickly, but they were still several times slower than normal, and there was no way that they could escape out of the range of the crimson flower's explosion.

The eight Holy Spirits were clearly aware of this themselves, and they frantically released all types of treasures to help them withstand the imminent explosion.

A cold light flashed through the giant humanoid figure's eyes, and he abruptly switched to a different hand seal as he uttered the word "explode"!

The massive crimson flower tremored, and the cracks on all of its petals widened significantly. At the same time, crimson liquid that resembled molten lava poured out of the cracks in a frenzy.

As soon as this liquid came into contact with the air, it transformed into balls of crimson flames that stained the entire surrounding space bright red, and they flashed erratically in preparation to self-detonate.

Meanwhile, the giant humanoid figure had shrunk down to the size of an average human, and a piercing silver light barrier had appeared over his body.

He was sacrificing his physical body during this explosion, but he still had to protect himself from the explosion to minimize the damage that he sustained.

Right at this moment, the white-robed elderly man's cold voice rang out in the air above the massive crimson flower.

"You'll have to get past me if you want to self-detonate! I'm going to completely seal you, even if it means I have to sustain severe injuries in the process!"

As soon as the voice trailed off, a huge pagoda that was over 1,000 feet tall emerged out of thin air amid a flash of white light.

The pagoda was entirely glittering and translucent with countless transparent runes inscribed all over its surface, making it look as if it had been carved out of glacial ice.

What was even more noteworthy was the head-sized blue bead that was embedded into the tip of the tower. At first glance, it appeared to be completely smooth, but upon closer inspection, one would discover that there were countless transparent rune formations of different sizes carved onto its surface.

All of the rune formations on the bead were interconnected in an extremely profound manner, and the mere sight of it struck the beholder with a sense of visual overload.

This pagoda was the true body of the white-robed elderly man, and as soon as it appeared, it began to expel a burst of white glacial Qi that swept up the scorching fireballs and giant crimson flower down below.

Within the white glacial light, everything instantly came to a standstill as if time had been forcibly stopped within that area.

At the same time, the pagoda began to descend amid a rumbling boom.

The giant humanoid figure's face immediately paled significantly at the sight of the pagoda, and he roared in an astonished and horrified voice, "You're a spirit servant formed by a Celestial Crystal Pagoda! That's impossible! All replicas of this treasure were destroyed in the great riot of the Northern Infernal Immortal Palace several million years ago!"

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2025
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
