# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2026

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

As a true immortal, the giant humanoid figure was naturally aware of just how powerful this Celestial Crystal Pagoda was. In this dire situation, he immediately bit through the tip of his own tongue and expelled several mouthfuls of blood essence.

As soon as this blood essence emerged, it transformed into a burst of scorching crimson flames, when then took on the form of several crimson flaming pythons, each of which was over 100 feet in length, and they all pounced viciously toward the pagoda in unison.

The true immortal knew that if he could use these fiery pythons to keep the pagoda at bay for a short while, the Blooddrop Poria Flower would be able to recover from its frozen state and unleash its full power.

Once the flower exploded, even the Celestial Crystal Pagoda wouldn't be able to contain the explosion.

However, his actions were predicted by the white-robed elderly man in advance. A cold chuckle rang out from within the pagoda, following which the blue bead embedded on its tip suddenly revolved on its own, then released several blue streaks of light that were around as thick as a human thumb.

These streaks of light struck the flaming pythons like lightning, and the pythons were instantly reduced to plumes of smoke.

The true immortal's expression changed drastically upon seeing this, and he immediately tried to unleash another ability, but it was already too late.

The massive translucent pagoda completely descended amid a vast expanse of glacial light, crushing the true immortal and the giant crimson flower beneath it.

Immediately thereafter, countless golden runes surged forth in a frenzy from all levels of the pagoda, creating a spectacular sight to behold.

At the same time, the top half of the white-robed elderly man's body emerged from the top of the pagoda, and he immediately yelled, "What are you waiting for? Use the Devil Trapping Formation to help me seal him!"

These words were naturally being directed toward the eight Holy Spirits, who were still rooted to the spot.

The eight Holy Spirits were naturally ecstatic to see that the giant crimson flower's explosion had been restricted by the glacial pagoda, and they immediately flew back to their original spots upon hearing the white-robed elderly man's instructions.

Thus, the eight Holy Spirits gathered around the formation again before raising the formation plates in their hands.

A flurry of runes immediately surged out of the formation, solidifying the runed chains that were starting to appear rather feeble. In conjunction with the runes flooding out of the glacial pagoda, a massive net was formed to encompass everything down below.

At the same time, the pagoda itself began to expand drastically amid a loud buzzing sound. Layers of translucent glacial ice then began to rapidly form over the surface of the pagoda, and the formation down below was also buzzing loudly, as if to resonate with the glacial pagoda.

Within the span of just a few breaths, the pagoda had transformed into a massive glacial peak that was tens of thousands of feet tall, and it had sealed the entire formation and the runed chains in ice.

As for the true immortal and the huge crimson flower, they were naturally sealed at the center of the formation.

The eight Holy Spirits were ecstatic to see this, and they heaved a collective sigh of relief. However, the white-robed elderly man's expression didn't ease in the slightest as he instructed in an implacable voice, "Listen up, I may have used my true body to seal him, but the Blooddrop Poria Flower is an extremely renowned flower, even in the True Immortal Realm; it'll most likely take over 10,000 years before the power of the flower will completely fade away. Prior to that, don't move this glacial peak even by a single inch. As a safety precautions, set up some restriction formations nearby right away to apply another seal to my body, as well as the Devil Trapping Formation."After I completely nullify the power of this Blooddrop Poria Flower, I'll transfer this glacial peak to a place where Earthly Hellish Flames can be found and refine this soul into a pill. During this time, I can't afford to be distracted, so all of the matters of our race will be decided by the panel of elders. Make sure we survive this devilish tribulation! If our race can survive this ordeal, then our resurgence will be imminent!"

The eight Holy Spirits immediately fell to their knees in an extremely respectful manner. "Yes, Spirit Monarch!"

They then stowed the formation plates in their hands away and flew away to inform the rest of the Spirit Race of the white-robed elderly man's orders. Thus, in the blink of an eye, the white-robed elderly man was the only one left in the entire area.

All of a sudden, the true immortal's enraged voice rang out from beneath the glacial peak. "You really think this flawed Celestial Crystal Pagoda can trap me? Let me see how you're going to seal me after I exhaust all of the glacial Qi in this pagoda!"

"Hmph, as expected of a true immortal; you managed to identify the flaws in my body right away. Even so, do you still think that you're an omnipotent true immortal? You're delusional if you think you can exhaust the glacial Qi within my body with your current powers! Having said that, the fact that you're still able to speak is testament to the power of your soul. Unfortunately for you, you won't be able to retain your sentience for much longer," the white-robed elderly man harrumphed coldly.

"What do you mean by that? There's nothing in this lower realm that can seal away my sentience!" The true immortal clearly wasn't convinced.

"There is indeed nothing that I know of in this lower realm that can completely seal away your sentience, but what if I'm not using something from this realm?" the white-robed elderly man chuckled coldly before making a grabbing motion, and a talisman that was giving off wisps of glacial light appeared in his hand.

The talisman was completely translucent, looking as if it were constructed from glacial ice, but there were golden runes inscribed all over its surface.

If Han Li were present, he would immediately be able to identify these runes as golden seal text.

"It's a pity that I have to use this talisman here; I'll have one less trump card in the future." The white-robed elderly man appraised the talisman with a pained expression, but gritted his teeth in the end and flicked his wrist in a decisive manner.

The talisman immediately exploded into a ball of golden light that shot forth into the glacial peak down below, vanishing into it in a flash.

Immediately thereafter, the white-robed elderly man made a hand seal and began to chant something in a solemn manner.

A scintillating ball of golden light that resembled a radiant sun instantly appeared within the glacial peak, then revolved on the spot before transforming into a massive rune that was around an acre in size.

The rune was shimmering with golden light, and it descended silently like a shooting star.

"What are you doing? Wait, this is a talisman from the True Immortal Realm!" the true immortal exclaimed as he sensed what was happening within the glacial peak.

However, before he had a chance to do anything, the giant golden rune plunged into the formation down below in a flash.

A resounding boom rang out, and the true immortal's voice was abruptly cut off. The white-robed elderly man was completely unsurprised by this, and he began to chant with even greater urgency.

In the next instant, the entire glacial peak tremored, and golden patterns erupted out of it in a frenzy, forming a gigantic rune that was imprinted on one of the smooth faces of the glacial peak.

Hints of blue light immediately became intermingled in the white light emanating from the glacial peak, and the glacial Qi being released also became significantly denser.

Only then did the white-robed elderly man's chanting cease, and his expression also eased slightly.

If one could see through the underside of the glacial peak, they'd discover an unconscious golden-robed young man with runed chains and layers of translucent ice all over his entire body.

Imprinted on his glabella was a golden pattern that was completely identical to the rune on the face of the glacial peak, and the white-robed elderly man was ecstatic upon discovering this with his spiritual sense, and he immediately plunged into the glacial peak, vanishing into it in a flash.

Unbeknownst to him, in the instant that the golden-robed young man had fallen unconscious, a daoist priest with a dark complexion suddenly opened his eyes in another realm. The daoist priest was seated under an enormous tree, and he murmured to himself, "What happened? Why is the true soul badge displaying such a strong reaction?"

The daoist priest swept a sleeve through the air as he spoke, and a miniature pagoda that was several inches tall flew out of his sleeve amid a flash of green light, then swelled to over 100 feet tall in an instant.

The daoist priest then strode into the pavilion in an unhurried manner, and in the hall on the first level of the pavilion were hundreds of pristine jade tables, each of which had around a dozen identical yellow wooden badges placed upon them.

The badges had silver patterns running all over their surfaces, and after sweeping his gaze over all of the jade tables, a hint of surprise appeared in the daoist priest's eyes as he suddenly raised a hand before waving it toward a huge rusty cauldron in a corner of the hall.

There was a yellow wooden badge in the cauldron as well, and it immediately flew out before landing in the daoist priest's grasp.

The daoist priest stared at the wooden badge with a hint of a surprise in his eyes for a moment before his expression darkened slightly. "So it's his soul that's in peril. In that case, this isn't something I can ignore; I have to find him!"

......

Han Li was hovering high up in the air with 72 streaks of azure light flashing around him. These were none other than his Azure Bamboo Cloudswarm Swords, and they were tearing through the inky-black devilish beasts pouncing toward him.

However, there seemed to be no end to these devilish beasts, all of which had backs that were covered in scales and a single horn on each of their heads.

The streaks of azure sword Qi swept forth before blooming into azure lotus flowers, and all of the devilish beasts in their wave were instantly sliced in half.

The Azure Bamboo Cloudswarm Swords were far too powerful for these low-grade devilish beasts to oppose, and the pungent odor of blood and gore had filled the entire surrounding area.

However, these devilish beasts seemed to have no regard for their own lives and continued to pounce toward Han Li with single-minded ferocity.

Han Li couldn't only heave a faint resigned sign upon seeing this.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2026
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
