# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2055

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Han Li's eyes narrowed slightly as he continued, "You're currently in the reincarnation phase, so your true cultivation base isn't at the Core Formation Stage, is it?"

"I should've known that you'd be able to identify this considering you're aware of the existence of the Greater Incarnation Arts," Zhu Guo'er conceded as her expression darkened slightly.

"What's your original cultivation base? Nascent Soul Stage or Deity Transformation Stage?" Han Li asked.

Zhu Guo'er bit down on her lower lip for a moment before replying, "I am at the Nascent Soul Stage. If I hadn't been stuck in the reincarnation phase, then I wouldn't have been captured."

"I can see that you're truly quite young, yet you've already cultivated the Greater Incarnation Arts to quite an impressive degree. Aside from your brilliant aptitude, I assume you must be receiving guidance from someone who's extremely adept at using the same cultivation art. Your mother must be at quite an advanced stage in this cultivation art as well, right?" Han Li asked.

Zhu Guo'er's expression changed a few times before she finally gritted her teeth, and said, "If you want to ask about me, then I can tell you anything you want to know, but if you want to ask about my mother, then I have nothing to say."

"Oh? You're a very good daughter, but do you think I won't be able to find out just because you refuse to tell me?" Han Li asked with a faint smile.

A thought immediately occurred to the young woman upon hearing this, and her face turned deathly pale as she drastically sped up the circulation of her own true essence, as if she really were planning to self-detonate at any moment. "If you're going to use a soul search technique on me, then I'd sooner detonate my own Nascent Soul than let you have your way!"

However, Han Li merely chuckled, "You'll have to ask for my permission if you want to self-detonate in my presence!"

As soon as his voice trailed off, he swept a sleeve toward the young woman in a nonchalant manner, releasing a burst of grey light that encompassed her entire body.

As a result, Zhu Guo'er was instantly immobilized and rendered completely unable to muster up any magic power. The true essence that she had gathered in her dantian had also completely faded, so self-detonation was completely out of her grasp.

"What did you do to me?" Zhu Guo'er yelled in rage and horror.

"Nothing, all I want is for you to answer my questions truthfully. Now then, look into my eyes," Han Li said in a calm voice.

"What? Your eyes..." Zhu Guo'er was quite young, but she still knew that she definitely shouldn't follow Han Li's instructions. However, she found herself completely unable to resist his wishes as she raised her head to meet his gaze.

All of a sudden, blue light flashed through Han Li's eyes, and Zhu Guo'ers consciousness immediately began to fade as her eyelids suddenly became extraordinarily heavy.

However, before she could do anything, she had already fallen unconscious.

Han Li's expression remained unchanged upon seeing this, and he cast an incantation seal toward Zhu Guo'er while the blue light in his eyes became even brighter.

If one could peer into Zhu Guo'er's body right now, they discover that her Nascent Soul had been completely bound by layers of grey light threads, and it was also in an unconscious state.

In the instant that the azure incantation seal vanished into Zhu Guo'er's body, her eyelids fluttered as she opened her eyes again, but they were completely glazed over and as lifeless as those of a puppet.

"Where did you learn your Greater Incarnation Arts from?" Han Li asked in a compelling voice as blue light flickered within his eyes.

"From my mother," Zhu Guo'er replied in a clear voice despite her wooden expression.

"Who normally instructs you in your cultivation? Is your mother using the same cultivation art?"

"My mother instructs me, but she cultivates the Clear Qi Arts instead."

Han Li was rather surprised to hear this, but his tone remained unchanged as he asked, "Clear Qi Arts? That's quite common among Buddhist cultivators. What cultivation base is your mother at? She must possess quite an advanced cultivation base for her to be able to instruct you in the Greater Incarnation Arts even without cultivating it herself."

"My mother is only at the Nascent Soul Stage. As for her ability to guide me..." Zhu Guo'er's voice suddenly trailed off here as a slightly lost look appeared on her face.

Han Li's heart stirred upon seeing this, and he immediately asked, "Is there something out of the ordinary about the way that your mother is instructing you?"

"Indeed. Everything was quite normal before I reached the Nascent Soul Stage, but after that, my mother is often unable to answer my cultivation questions on the spot and can only provide answers several days later. I suspect that there's a master of the Greater Incarnation Arts behind my mother."Han Li's heart rate immediately began to speed up upon hearing this. "Have you asked your mother whether this is the case?"

"I have on many occasions, but my mother always denied it."

"What is your mother's name, and what does she look like?" Han Li asked with furrowed brows.

"My mother is Ling Feixian, and she bears a strong resemblance to me," Zhu Guo'er replied.

Han Li fell into silent contemplation for a long while upon hearing this before finally shaking his head as he murmured something to himself. After a while, a thought occurred to him, and he asked, "How did you enter the Elder Devil Realm, and where did you come from before you came here?"

"I was being pursued by enemies and accidentally fell into a spatial rift to enter the Elder Devil Realm. Prior to this, I was from the Small Spirit Sky," Zhu Guo'er replied.

Han Li faltered slightly upon hearing this. "Small Spirit Sky? Where is that?"

"The Small Spirit Sky is the Small Spirit Sky," Zhu Guo'er replied.

Han Li's brows furrowed tightly upon hearing this, and after a long while, he heaved a faint sigh as he murmured to himself, "So be it, I'll just have to gather this information myself."

As soon as his voice trailed off, he switched to a different hand seal, and a translucent thread shot forth out of his glabella before vanishing into Zhu Guo'er's forehead in a flash.

After that, the blue light in Han Li's eyes became even more pronounced.

Zhu Guo'er was only at the Nascent Soul Stage, so Han Li was naturally being very careful in his soul inspection to avoid harming her.

After around 15 minutes, Han Li easily procured all of the information that he wanted, and the translucent thread shot back into his glabella.

As soon as the translucent thread vanished, Zhu Guo'er collapsed onto the ground and fell into a deep sleep.

Han Li smiled upon seeing this, then closed his eyes as he began to process the information he had obtained from her.

Shortly thereafter, he reopened his eyes and murmured to himself in a stunned manner, "So this Small Spirit Sky is a fragmented realm like the Vast Glacial Realm, and there are over 100,000,000 humans residing within it! That's truly very unexpected."

Indeed, as it turned out, the Small Spirit Sky was an independent realm that was once a fragment of another realm. According to what he had seen in Zhu Guo'er's memories, the realm seemed to be around the same size as the Vast Glacial Realm, but the spiritual Qi within the realm was even less abundant than that in the Spirit Realm.

There seemed to be around seven or eight foreign races residing in the Small Spirit Sky alongside the human race, and what was quite surprising was that many of the people in the realm had ended up there after while attempting to ascend to the Spirit Realm from lower realms.

As such, there was a very good chance that Nangong Wan could be there, and that would also explain why he had been unable to find any leads on her whereabouts in the Spirit Realm.

Even with his current level of mental fortitude, the thought of his beloved wife still lit a fire within his heart, and he wanted nothing more than to travel to Nangong Wan's side right away so they could be reunited.

Only after a long while did he finally manage to recover from his tumultuous emotional state, but his expression instantly darkened again as he considered the issue of how he was going to get to the Small Spirit Sky.

In contrast with the Vast Glacial Realm, the Small Spirit Sky was a realm that was constantly slowly moving through space, so it was virtually a matter of complete luck whether he would be able to find an entrance into the realm, and Zhu Guo'er's arrival into the Elder Devil Realm through that spatial rift was also purely by chance.

However, this information had all been derived from Zhu Guo'er's memories. As for whether it was all true, he would have to do some more research.

However, seeing as Zhu Guo'er was able to accidentally enter the Elder Devil Realm, there had to be people from the Small Spirit Sky who had stumbled into the Spirit Realm, so he should be able to find some relevant information.

After taking a deep breath to calm himself down, Han Li cast his gaze toward Zhu Guo'er again.

He wasn't completely sure that her Greater Incarnation Arts had been bestowed upon her by Nangong Wan, but there was a very good chance that this was the case. After all, he had been in the Spirit Realm for a very long time, and he had never heard of any human sect that possessed such a cultivation art. It seemed that this cultivation art was extremely rare, and the Masked Moon Sect had to have obtained it through an enormous stroke of luck.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2055
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
