# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 303

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Chapter 303: Astonishment (preview)

[..]

“Humph! You’re all talking drivel. I am certain I’ve seen him before. However, it doesn’t seem to have been recent. It should’ve been quite a few years back, else I wouldn’t have forgotten about it.” The youth said with a lack of composure as he unhappily glared at the young woman and the tall, thin man.

“A few years back? Fourth Brother, several years ago we were bitterly cultivating and didn’t leave seclusion. How could you have seen Senior Han? Could it be that you saw him when you were still wearing diapers?” The middle-aged woman giggled as she made fun of the youth.

“Third Sister, you...” The youth angrily said this to the middle-aged woman with an embarrassed expression.

“Several years ago, Fourth Brother was always in secluded cultivation. Could it be you’ve forgotten? Before we met Fifth Sister, we participated in the Immortal Ascension Assembly. After the two to three month journey, we unfortunately returned with failed ambitions, but luckily, we didn’t receive any serious injuries!” The dark-faced old man indifferently interrupted with these words.

“What! Everyone participated in the Immortal Ascension Assembly!?” The fifth sister blinked several times and revealed a very curious expression. On the other hand, her Second Brother and the middle-aged woman looked at each other with bitter smiles.

“There is nothing to say. That was the first time we truly knew the meaning of ‘viewing the sky from the bottom of the well’!” The middle-aged woman sighed.

“What? Fourth Brother, at that time you said to me.... Yi!”

The young woman turned her head to see what her second brother was going to say about the Immortal Ascension Assembly with great curiosity, but once she turned around, she saw that he had a face full of shock.

“Fourth Brother, what’s going on?”

[...]

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-303
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
