# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 332

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Chapter 332: A Once Familiar Place

Immediately after Han Li agreed to accompany Chen Qianqiao, he felt slight regret.

He had previously came to a clear decision to no longer be tangled with this woman. But now, he had agreed to accompany her for some unknown reason. It seemed he wasn’t as determined as he had thought!

Han Li inwardly shook his head and replied, “Alright. Then how about Senior Martial Sister ride with me in my Divine Wind Boat. We’ll be able to arrive there much faster!”

With that said, Han Li took out his spotless white Divine Wind Boat and invited Chen Qianqiao to ride with him.

When Chen Qiaoqian saw this gesture, she smiled sweetly and entered the boat without any objections.

After a moment of flight, Han Li brought Chen Qiaoqian to the Yuejing’s famed White Chrysanthemum Mountain.

The mountain was covered with all sorts of chrysanthemums, a majority being white. The scene was truly mesmerizing.

Contrary to Han Li’s expectations, Chen Qiaoqian didn’t speak to him after arriving on the mountain. They merely walked along the small mountain path minding their own business. Only when they occasionally saw a particularly breathtaking scene would they stop for a moment.

Han Li did not speak as he followed behind her, dispassionately gazing at her charming body without the slightest shame.

After two hours, Chen Qiaoqian had climbed to the mountaintop and stood on a small pavilion with Han Li to the side.

At that moment, no one was on the mountaintop aside from the two; not even a single traveler. As the two were unwilling to speak, it was extremely quiet.

It was unknown how long this subtle mood continued before Chen Qiaoqian broke it with a few faint words.

“Junior Martial Brother Han, after the great battle is concluded, I fear that I am going to be married off!”

Upon hearing those words, Han Li couldn’t help but tilt his head and reveal an expression of astonishment.

“The groom is a direct lineage disciple of the great Qin cultivator clan, a disciple of Heavenly Imperial Fortress and a cultivator that has just reached Foundation Establishment! I’ve seen him several times and he seems decent. If nothing unexpected occurs, then he will marry into my Chen Clan and become my Dao Companion.” Chen Qiaoqian spoke calmly and turned a blind eye to Han Li’s appearance of amazement.

After a moment, Han Li’s astonishment gradually waned, and with some hesitation, he politely said, “Then I must congratulate Senior Martial Sister Chen on finding a suitable marriage partner! Junior Martial Brother will certainly prepare a gift for you later….!”

It became clear as Han Li started to speak, that Chen Qiaoqian had no intention of listening to his words; those were not the words she had wanted to hear. She trembled for a moment before releasing a disk shaped flying magic tool and flying off with a cold face.

After seeing Chen Qiaoqian disappear into the distance, Han Li motionlessly stood in place with a cold expression. After a long while, he let out a long breath and dispiritedly flew off.

Although Han Li had already made his decision about Chen Qiaoqian, he still felt at a loss when confronted with her interest to marry him.

This was perhaps a common flaw that all men possessed! Even if they were called cultivators, they had the same emotions as mortals.

Han Li mocked himself as he flew back to the Qin Residence.

After returning to the residence, Han Li learned from the others that Chen Qiaoqian had already departed, starting her journey early.

When Han Li heard this, he bitterly smiled in his heart. It seemed that he had greatly disappointed Chen Qiaoqian, and now, she was preparing her heart to marry someone else.

Although he was a tad depressed, Han Li wasn’t of the normal sort. With an ordinary expression, he nodded his head and joked around with the others for a while longer.

Like that, the morning of the second day had arrived and the others left the Qin Residence. Han Li was the last cultivator to remain.

Before setting off on his journey, he went to secretly pay a visit to Mo Fengwu. After all, they were acquaintances and he wanted to bid her farewell.

But when he arrived outside her home, Han Li spotted Mo Fengwu through a window, causing him to change his mind.

This was because Mo Fengwu was accompanying an old woman of about fifty years old that was reading scriptures out loud. She appeared completely at peace.

After Han Li silently looked on for a moment, he ultimately decided not to disturb her. He turned around and quietly left.

Toward this particular girl, it may be better if he didn’t meet her!

‘Perhaps living a peaceful life without recalling those painful memories is best for her!’ Han Li thought with melancholy.

Han Li then left Yuejing and first made a trip to Jia Yuan City. Since he had promised to avenge the Mo Estate, he figured that he may as well pay a visit and take a look.

Although the Devil Dao hadn’t come to stir trouble, he reckoned that Jia Yuan City didn’t currently contain any high level cultivators due to the upcoming great battle. He only had to secretly get rid of the Rainbow Sect’s Sect Master. Even if he angered a few Spirit Beast Mountain disciples, they wouldn’t be able to find out it was him.

In addition to causing trouble for the Rainbow Sect, he thought he’d take a look to see how Sun Ergou was managing the Fourth Level Gang.

He had left behind this back up plan several years ago, and now, he wanted to see if it still held any use.

With that in mind, Han Li rushed toward Jia Yuan City on his Divine Wind Boat.

The last time he was in Jia Yuan City was over ten years ago. However, many of the memories remained vivid in his mind and left a deep impression on him.

……

Five days later, a youth appeared in front of a long established restaurant in Jia Yuan City. This person stood on the side of the street and looked at the restaurant’s sign with squinted eyes.

The person with the strange expression was Han Li, who had just entered the city. After standing there for a moment, he sighed and calmly walked in.

He went to the second floor and saw that the table by the window where he had sat at all those years ago happened to be empty.

Han Li happily walked over to it without the slightest hesitation.

Just as he sat down, a waiter politely wiped down his table and asked Han Li what he would like to order.

Han Li faintly smiled and ordered a few delicious appetizers, sending the waiter off to deliver his order. However, he did not come here just to satisfy his desire for delicious food.

With that in mind, Han Li turned his gaze outside the window.

The Mo Estate’s huge residence still remained and it still had a burly man standing outside its gates. However, the huge sign on the gate no longer read “Mo Residence” but instead read “Li Residence” in large, golden words.

Looking at the “Li Residence” sign shining under the sunlight, Han Li unconsciously wrinkled his brow.

From what he had heard, the Rainbow Sect Master seemed to be surnamed “Li”. It seems they now occupied their defeated enemy’s nest.

Not knowing why, Han Li felt particularly bothered when he saw the sign saying “Li Residence”. He found the previous “Mo Residence” sign somewhat more pleasing to the eye.

As Han Li was lost in thought, his dishes were brought by the waiter and simultaneously the sounds of banter were heard on the floor below. Several youths wearing embroidered silk clothes walked up the stairs followed by their burly guards; they appeared to be the young masters of a noble family.

Among these young masters was a man so thin he might blow away in the wind. He casually swept his gaze over the floor and impolitely beckoned to the waiter.

The waiter complacently ran over and hastily said with an enchanting smile, “Young Master Xia, do you have any instructions?”

“Call for the shopkeeper. Today, we’re inviting an esteemed guest to dine with us. Have everyone on the third floor leave. We will pay for the damages.” This skinny man spoke quite arrogantly.

The waiter didn’t reveal the slightest bit of dissatisfaction, repeatedly nodding his head, before hurrying off to inform the shopkeeper.

After a short moment, a forty year old man arrived. Once he saw the thin man, he immediately agreed to his request with a smile. He then brought the waiter to the third floor to apologize to the customers who were already there.

It was unknown whether this shopkeeper was naturally so quick and efficient or whether this young master had a truly great background.

Not long after, all of the customers on the third floor had paid their bills and left. Not a single one of them had dared to complain.

Han Li lazily looked over before he returned his gaze to the bustling streets outside the window.

The newcomer was only a young master among mortals, an arrogant person only relying on the might of his clan, commonly found at all places. Han Li had absolutely no interest in him.

At that moment, the youth in charge, Young Master Xia, then nodded with satisfaction and descended to the ground floor.

Later, the sound of footsteps came up from below. This time, Han Li was startled and couldn’t help but turn his head around and stare.

This was because among those heavy footsteps, feather-light footsteps could be faintly discerned. Only a Jianghu martial artist who practiced qinggong to a certain stage would be able to display such control.

This greatly piqued Han Li’s curiosity.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-332
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
