# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 350

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Chapter 350: Instant Kill

Han Li calmly looked at the two without speaking a word. However, he clearly understood that these two most likely had something to do with Qi Yunxiao’s residence being destroyed.

In response to Han Li’s silence, the youth couldn’t help but ask, “Who is your esteemed self, and what is your relationship with that fellow named Qi?”

Upon hearing this, Han Li merely gave the youth a cold glance before ignoring him and turning his gaze back to the old man. It was obvious that with regard to cultivation, the old man was the one who was truly in charge.

When the youth saw Han Li disregard him, he was furious. Although he knew that Han Li was a Foundation Establishment cultivator, his clan was one of the most prestigious clans in the State of Yuanwu. He had never been treated like this before.

Furthermore, due to the matter regarding Qi Yunxiao, he was already filled with anger. Thus, he clenched his teeth and wanted to release his magic tools. But just as he was about to move his arm, the old man grabbed onto it, stopping him.

“Not yet! We still don’t know who this person is. We must find that out first before we take further action!” The old man stated with a calm expression.

The youth then glanced somewhat suspiciously at Crooked Soul, who stood behind Han Li. Crooked Soul didn’t have the aura of a living person, yet he could feel magic power fluctuations from his body. He felt that it was inconceivable.

When Han Li heard this, his eyes narrowed. The old man was a mid Foundation Establishment cultivator yet he spoke as if he were not to be trifled with, causing Han Li to grow slightly apprehensive.

“Were you the ones who destroyed this place?” Han Li asked with poise.

“What relation does Fellow Daoist have with Qi Yunxiao? Are you from the Qi Clan?” The old man responded to Han Li’s question with his own.

Han Li slightly wrinkled his brow. It seemed the other party wouldn’t honestly answer him as he only exchanged one question for another.

“Seems like we both don’t wish to answer one another. Wouldn’t it be better to exchange answers with each other? That way we can waste less of each other’s time.” Han Li asked with raised eyebrows.

The old man was surprised for a moment. But after pondering for a moment, he agreed.

“Since I was the one who proposed this, how about you ask first?” Han Li said insipidly.

“Is your esteemed self a member of the Qi Clan?” The old man immediately asked without a trace of politeness.

In turn, Han Li responded without the slightest of hesitation: “I am not!”

Having heard Han Li’s resolute reply, both the old man and the youth were surprised and revealed an expression of doubt.

“Is Qi Yunxiao currently dead or alive?” Han Li unhurriedly asked.

“He’s still alive!” The old man hesitated for a moment before answering.

The words “still alive”, immediately put Han Li’s heart at ease.

“What relationship does your esteemed self have with Qi Yunxiao?” The old man cautiously asked.

“I have a business deal with him,” Han Li coldly responded.

“A business deal?” Surprise flashed through the old man’s eyes.

“Where is Qi Yunxiao currently?” Although Han Li asked this casually, he was feeling quite worried.

“I cannot tell you this!” The old man instantly rejected.

“Then I will change the question. Why did you attack Qi Yunxiao?” Han Li immediately asked another question without batting an eye at his refusal.

“He killed members of our Fu Clan. Why shouldn’t we kill him?” The youth to the side quickly answered with a sneer.

The old man wrinkled his brow, revealing a trace of annoyance, but he didn’t say anything more.

“Fu Clan!” When Han Li heard this, he was instantly reminded of those Qi Condensation cultivators he had killed while saving Xin Ruyin 1 ; he now felt a great desire to kill.

“So it was like that! However, there are only two of you here. If the Qi Clan were to come here with a formidable character, how would you be able to match them?” Han Li casually asked this while appearing indifferent.

“How could any foreign cultivator sent by the Qi Clan oppose the two of us from the Fu Clan? Could it be that we are not enough?” The youth proudly answered Han Li’s inquiry.

“So, you two are here alone?” Han Li suddenly asked with a deep voice.

“Why are you asking this?” The youth was thinking of how to respond with an angry expression, but the old man at his side suddenly asked this with suspicion.

However, it was already too late. Han Li suddenly raised his arms and shot two streaks of black light toward the youth. Afterwards, he patted his storage pouch, releasing over ten streaks of white light. In the blink of an eye, those lights transformed into puppet beasts and puppet soldiers.

Once those puppets appeared, they immediately released a mad barrage of light beams and light arrows.

When the old man saw this, he felt aghast. His body instantly blurred and appeared beside the youth, summoning a copper coin magic tool in front of him. In an instant, it grew to the size of a table and blocked the incoming attacks.

A series of explosions could be heard as numerous beams of light struck the copper coin. Each strike pushed the old man further and further back, much to his dismay.

But in the next moment, the youth next to him let out a miserable shriek, causing the old man to hastily turn his head in dread. But as he turned his head, his neck suddenly felt cold and everything went dark.

After the old man’s headless body fell to the ground, Han Li was the only one remaining in the air with a faintly shining thread tied to the ring finger of his right hand.

Just a moment ago, Han Li took advantage of the massive, eye-catching assault to conceal his movements. By using the Smoke Shifting Steps, he was able to travel over sixty meters away from his Divine Wind Boat in a few breaths, arriving behind the two. Then, with a wave of his string, he was able to easily behead them.

Han Li had found this battle to be as easy as dusting off his clothes!

Han Li found it quite humorous. In a battle between Foundation Establishment cultivators, elemental defensive barriers basically weren’t used because they were unable to block the attacks of top grade magic techniques. They required too much time to activate, and they were far too expensive. Thus, most people used defensive magic tools to protect themselves instead of defensive light barriers that they felt were useless.

That kind of thinking had given Han Li many openings to take advantage of. This was especially apparent when Han Li originally fought the Devil Dao cultivators at the border as a majority of his kills had died in this manner.

Now that he thought about it, this particular killing technique was quite similar to that of the Black Fiend School’s Blood Servant, Ice Demon. It was as fast as lightning; by the time they hear the thunder, it was already too late. Unfortunately, this technique could only be used on the ground. Otherwise, Han Li would have no one to fear among Foundation Establishment cultivators.

Han Li lightly shook his head, feeling a great sense of lamentation in his heart!

He walked in front of the headless corpses and collected their storage pouches. After he inspected them with his spiritual sense, he felt some disappointment.

Although they possessed three top grade magic tools, they were of common quality. Han Li did not have much use for them. On the other hand, that copper coin was a rarely seen defensive magic tool.

With that in mind, Han Li restored it to its original size and had it fly into his hand. After happily admiring it for a moment, he flung two small fireballs toward the headless corpses and turned them into ashes. Back in the boat with Crooked Soul, Han Li circled through the vicinity once before taking to the skies.

This time, he would go to that small mountain with Xin Ruyin’s residence. He hoped her home was well hidden enough that it hadn’t encountered any mishaps.

Six hours later, Han Li arrived at the nameless mountain of Xin Ruyin’s residence.

When Han Li saw that the fog above the mountain was intact and the same as before, he felt overjoyed.

After musing for short while, Han Li didn’t dare to fly down. Instead, he flew halfway up the mountain before taking out a sound transmission talisman. He then softly whispered a few words into it before throwing it out.

The sound transmission talisman turned into a fiery streak of light and flew towards the mountain, suddenly disappearing from sight. Soon after, a large portion of the fog rose and completely enveloped him.

Han Li stood still as he saw a scene bloom before him, leaving him surrounded by gargantuan trees over three hundred meters tall. He couldn’t help but feel shocked, feeling like an ant among the huge trees.

Still, he knew that once Xin Ruyin received the sound transmission talisman, she should be quick to come meet him.

As expected, the huge tree illusions turned into thick fog a short moment later. Then the fog parted and revealed a three meter wide passageway.

The passage was remarkably long. After traveling for over two hundred meters, he was finally able to faintly see its opening and couldn’t help but grow excited.

But when he was about twenty meters away from the exit, he suddenly heard a hoarse woman’s voice: “Senior Han, who is that person behind you? You shouldn’t be bringing strangers to this place.”

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-350
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
