# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 361

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Chapter 360: Halfway to Calamity

Dong Xuan’er, who was standing by the side of the gorgeous man, was also enveloped by the man’s rainbow barrier. In an instant, the three had hastily flown back.

A spiteful strike from a Core Formation cultivator was not something the three of them could endure!

The swordlight filled the sky and closely pursued them for about forty meters before suddenly vanishing without a trace. At the same time, the woman’s slender body swayed as if she were about to fall.

The Ghost Spirit Sect’s Young Master and the gorgeous man grew elated upon seeing this and turned their retreat into a charge.

As Han Li watched on from below, his face stiffened and he subconsciously patted his storage pouch. The thirteen “Redline Shadowchaser Needles” flew out, and he quickly drew them back with his hands.

Even if he were to put himself in danger, Han Li couldn’t allow Nangong Wan to wilt before his eyes.

No matter how self-centered and cold-hearted he may be, regardless of whether or not he could contend with the Ghost Spirit Sect’s Young Master and the others, the entirety of his heart and soul urged him to act!

Just as Han Li was about to act and release the flying needles to save the masked woman, the sky abruptly underwent a massive change.

The previously wavering woman that was standing on the sword suddenly regained her bearings, and her eyes glinted with cold light.

Wang Chan and the gorgeous man grew pale. They immediately knew that they had fallen for her ruse, but by the time they wanted to run away, it was already too late.

The woman raised her hands and countless streaks of swordlight soared through the air and completely enveloped the three in blinding white light.

When Han Li saw this, he felt relieved and loosened his grip on his flying needles.

The sky shone with gray light from the masked woman’s swordlight. A bloody cloud and pink light tottered within it like a small boat in a surging storm. However, they still managed to painfully endure. In particular, within the pink light, the gorgeous man and Dong Xuan’er released a strange azure-red light from their hands, offsetting the swordlight’s attack.

Han Li lightly wrinkled his brow and lowered his head in contemplation before silently disappearing.

Meanwhile, the masked woman felt great worry.

She was truly surprised to see that even though she had used a ruse to press the Devil Dao cultivators, her current attack was still unable to deal with the three.

Not long ago, she had fought a great battle against a Devil Dao Core Formation cultivator. Her opponent had nearly succeeded in ending the battle in mutual destruction, depleting her magic power. Although she managed to escape further entanglements afterwards, her heavy injuries had been a cause for great concern.

Even worse, her magic treasure which was inseparably bonded to her soul had suffered serious damage during the previous battle, leaving it unusable for the time being.

Furthermore, because she was being pursued, she was forced to use a secret technique that greatly damaged her vitality to escape, forcefully drawing out a portion of her body’s potential to produce a sliver of spiritual power.

Although she had managed to throw off the majority of her pursuers, she hadn’t expected that these three, who possessed exceptional Devilish Arts, would continue to pursue her relentlessly.

Thus, she could only attempt to eliminate them. Otherwise, even if she were a Core Formation cultivator, she would be at their mercy once the effects of her secret technique subsided.

The reason why she had stopped here was because her spiritual awareness had felt that there was a cultivator here. Although she didn’t know who it was, it was an undeniable fact that this person lacked the devilish aura possessed by those who used the techniques of the Devil Dao.

Furthermore, this person was a mid Foundation Establishment cultivator. Were he not a cultivator from a large clan, then he should be a cultivator from the other five allied sects. With nowhere to go and in a hopeless situation, she flew here with the intention of dragging that cultivator into this mess and possibly turning the situation for the better.

But she absolutely didn’t expect that this person’s spiritual sense would be so strong. This person had concealed himself from far away without any intention of involving himself.

As such, the masked woman could only confront the enemy alone and grit her teeth with aching resentment.

But once again, a frightening development had unfolded before her. These three Devil Dao cultivators were extremely tenacious, and they possessed immensely powerful defensive magic tools. Even if she were to use the entirety of her remaining spiritual power, she wouldn’t be able to kill them quickly.

With regard to her high-grade talismans and impressive magic tools, they had been thoroughly exhausted in the battles many days earlier.

Her heart sank as she felt her last remnants of magic power about to disappear.

The Devil Dao cultivators that were bitterly enduring the swordlight felt its enormous suffocating pressure gradually weaken until it had completely disappeared. The three were stunned and immediately turned their gazes towards the masked woman. She blankly stood on top of her flying sword with dim, emotionless eyes while her body pitifully trembled.

Wang Chan and the beautiful man looked at each other with feelings of pleasant surprise. But as they had just suffered from her clever ploy, they hesitated and didn’t dare to act rashly.

But at this moment, a streak of white light flew out from below like a bolt of lightning. In the blink of an eye, the white light had appeared in front of the masked woman. The silhouette within the white light embraced her waist before suddenly descending back down from where it came.

This scene left Wang Chan and the gorgeous man bursting with anger.

How could the two let such a rich prize be snatched out of their mouths? They reacted by immediately chasing after the white light with the full capabilities of their movement techniques.

However, Dong Xuan’er stood at her original location with an expression of shock. This was because that silhouette had appeared extremely familiar and caused her to unconsciously hesitate.

About forty meters below, the white light shot towards a dense forest. After it entered the forest, the light faded away to reveal an unremarkable male youth.

As he tightly embraced the masked woman in one arm, he raised his head and expressionlessly looked at Wang Chan and the gorgeous man chasing after them.

Although the masked woman lacked the strength to struggle from his embrace, her eyes were filled with humiliation and resentment as if she was scolding him. However, the youth paid this no mind.

“So it turned out to be you!”

“It’s you!”

Once they clearly saw the male youth’s appearance, Wang Chen and the gorgeous man simultaneously yelled out.

They had both recognized Han Li, whom they had each attempted to kill before. After glancing at each other in surprise, they charged toward Han Li while using their abilities to the fullest extent without any further hesitation.

Wang Chan’s blood cloud swelled and expanded to forty meters wide in an instant. At the same time, its bloody scent grew much more intense and its pressure became astonishingly stronger.

The gorgeous man coldly laughed, and a jade flute suddenly appeared in his hand. With a wave, a clear whistle sounded out, transforming his rainbow streak of light into a pink peacock. As he shot toward Han Li, Wang Chan closely followed behind him, unwilling to be second.

Seeing that the two were so aggressively chasing him, Han Li finally revealed a trace of panic.

He suddenly stomped on his small boat, causing it to release a blinding white light. It lightly trembled as if it were strung on a bow.

With the Devil Dao cultivators’ astonishing offensive, they had already arrived in front of Han Li and blocked off his path of escape. They now clearly saw that the masked woman had given up her struggle and that her eyes were filled with despair.

This caused the two to feel much more at ease. It seemed that the female Core Formation cultivator no longer had the power to resist!

In that moment, Han Li’s panicked expression underwent a sudden change, and he revealed a faint, strange smile.

When the two outstanding Devil Dao cultivators saw Han Li’s expression, their hearts thumped heavily.

The scene before them suddenly changed as Han Li and the masked woman turned into a cool breeze as if they no longer existed. Then, two huge stones appeared in front of the Devil Dao cultivators, causing them to dodge away in alarm. They couldn’t help but look around in astonishment.

What they saw caused their complexions to pale. They were surrounded by some kind of forest with countless towering trees similar to stone obelisks. They had been trapped inside of an illusory formation.

Wang Chan and the gorgeous man were furious.

Although the might of this illusory formation wasn’t great, they would have to spend a good amount of time to break through it, giving their prey more than enough time to escape. As a result, these two young masters of the Devil Dao developed a bone-deep hatred for Han Li.

“Senior Brother Wang, let’s quickly break out of this formation. Don’t forget that my Junior Martial Sister Dong is still outside! With her cultivation, she can stall them for a short while. She will give us all the time that we will need.” The gorgeous man suddenly thought of something and coldly smiled.

Wang Chan’s face grew cheerful for a moment, but then he spoke with doubt, “Ah, that’s right. It seems this young master has forgotten something! That girl was once a Yellow Maple Valley disciple. Will she really block them?”

The gorgeous man then revealed some hesitation and replied with uncertainty, “She will definitely act! After all, Dong Xuan’er has a high position in my Harmonious Bond Sect, far greater than the status of an ordinary disciple that she had within Yellow Maple Valley! Furthermore, I, this father, treat her quite well!”

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-361
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
