# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 365

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Chapter 365: Wang Changqing

Han Li gazed at the huge ten-meter-long fish from a distance and flew around the ship twice before finally deciding to head towards it.

It was clear that those on the ship had seen Han Li coming. With a few loud shouts, a huge crowd of over three hundred people amassed, filling the entire bow of the ship.

Once these people saw Han Li hovering in midair, they revealed reverence and started to bow and salute Han Li.

While Han Li was amazed by the display, a luxuriously dressed middle-aged man stepped forward from the crowd and nervously said something. He helplessly stood by as if he were waiting for Han Li’s command.

Han Li stroked his nose and bitterly laughed. He didn’t understand or make sense of a single word of their language. The question of how to communicate with them made his head hurt.

Seeing that Han Li didn’t reply, the middle-aged man grew panicked and urgently said something. Although Han Li didn’t understand what he said, he was able to make out what he meant.

Han Li wrinkled his brow. After some thought, he spoke out in the common tongue of the Heavenly South Region, “If there is anyone here that can understand my words, please tell me!” Han Li then swept his gaze across the crowd.

The middle-aged man appeared at a loss. It was quite obvious that he didn’t understand what Han Li had said. As for the others, they were also left baffled.

Han Li helplessly sighed and started to use the words of several different ancient languages, using them each once through. He had initially learned these ancient languages in order to cultivate tongue twisting incantations, but he hadn’t mastered them in the slightest. Eventually, a gray haired old man from the crowd seemed to have reacted to one of the languages.

Han Li felt overjoyed upon seeing this and pointed toward the old man.

“Old man, do you understand my words?” Han Li slowly spoke using the ancient language. As he didn’t use the language often, he was very unfamiliar with it.

When the old man heard Han Li, he hesitated for a moment before walking to the side of the middle aged man. Also using the ancient language, he respectfully replied, “This old man, Wang Changqing, had indeed learned this Immortal Clan’s language when he was young. Does this Immortal Master have any commands?”

Han Li revealed a slight smile upon seeing that the old man had understood the ancient language. His figure suddenly flashed and he appeared beside the old man, startling both the old and middle-aged man.

Han Li spoke with a gentle tone, “As you well know, I am not able to speak the local tongue. I only passed by here to ask about a few matters. There is no need to panic!”

He had previously swept his spiritual sense throughout the huge boat and found that the boat only housed mortals. Because he found no cultivators, he was able to descend without worry.

Han Li didn’t pay notice to the mutterings of the old and middle-aged man. Instead, be beckoned to his Divine Wind Boat in the sky, causing it to slowly descend toward the ship bow.

After Crooked Soul got off the Divine Wind Boat, the small boat quickly shrunk into a small white light and flew into Han Li’s hand.

After this was done, Han Li took a sideways glance.

Although the mortals on the ship saw this, they didn’t appeared shocked at all and maintained their original reverent expression. They were clearly accustomed to seeing cultivators and their tricks. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have appeared nearly as calm. Also, since these people didn’t seem to come from particularly exceptional backgrounds, it appeared that it wasn’t taboo for the cultivators of this land to reveal themselves to mortals.

Han Li thought with a pensive expression.

Currently, the old man had translated Han Li’s words for the middle-aged man. The middle-aged man was initially shocked before revealing pleasant surprise. He then said a long string of unintelligible words towards Han Li with an extremely excited expression.

Han Li felt at a loss and couldn’t help but turn his gaze towards the old man.

The old man naturally understood what Han Li meant. He quickly gave Han Li an explanation, “Great Immortal, this man is Sir Gu, the master of this ship. He intends to invite you to reside as a guest at his residence on the Stalwart Stars Island. He is willing to supply the resources for your cultivation.”

“Stalwart Stars Island?” Han Li rubbed his chin and gave a noncommittal response.

Seeing that Han Li wore an indifferent expression, the middle aged man became even more fervent and uttered another long string of words. This time, he revealed an apologetic smile. Han Li didn’t need the old man’s translation to understand why he wanted to invite Han Li to stay on the Stalwart Stars Island.

Without waiting for the old man to translate, Han Li bluntly waved his hand and said, “First, tell this ship’s master that I am new to this noble land and am unfamiliar with the local conventions. Consequently, I am not able to agree to anything. I will decide whether I want to stay on his Stalwart Stars Island after I am given an explanation. Also, I currently do not understand your language. I hope he will allow me to follow this ship for a few days so that I may learn the local language and a few local conventions from you in passing.”

Not daring to slight Han Li, he hurriedly gave the middle-aged man a translation.

When the middle aged man heard Han Li, he revealed obvious disappointment. But still, he respectfully saluted Han Li and loudly yelled a few words behind him. Suddenly, everyone on the bow withdrew from the deck like a swarm of bees. After giving the old man his reply, he also withdrew.

As such, only Han Li and the old man remained at the ship’s bow.

The old man smiled to Han Li and said, “Immortal Master, Master Gu has agreed to your request. In addition, he has given you a room on the ship. Please follow me.”

Han Li agreed, indifferently nodding his head. As such, Han Li and Crooked Soul followed the old man, Wang Changqing, into the ship.

‘It’s certainly large!’ That was Han Li’s first thought upon entering the ship’s hold. The ship’s hold had paths and corridors in every direction and an unknown number of rooms.Whenever a mortal saw Han Li, they revealed reverent expressions and made way for Han Li.

After several turns, Han Li and Crooked Soul arrived at a comparatively large wooden door.

Wang Changqing pushed open the door without any hesitation and stepped to the side, inviting Han Li to enter first. Han Li didn’t bother being polite and entered the room with Crooked Soul in tow, taking a look around afterwards.

The room was quite decent! Not only was it quite large, it also didn’t feel stuffy at all. But what Han Li felt was most strange was a small odd tree in a flower pot in the corner of the room.

The tree was perfectly straight and was completely branchless with palm-sized triangular leaves growing all over it. In addition, the entire tree glittered with silver light as if it were made out of pure silver. Upon seeing the tree, Han Li revealed great curiosity..

When the old man saw Han Li’s amazement, he respectfully gave Han Li an explanation, “It seems that Immortal Master hasn’t seen a Silver Angled Tree before. It really is an uncommon rarity. Not only is it a gorgeous sight, it freshens and cleans the air when placed inside. It is a seldom seen treasure for seafarers. It is only because our ship master ig such an domineeringly rich man that he was able to acquire four of them.”

Han Li faintly smiled but remained silent. How could he not make out that this Wang Changqing was trying to curry favor on the ship master’s behalf?

Han Li had Crooked Soul guard the door and sat down in the room’s chair. Wang Changqing reservedly stood at Han Li’s side, not daring to sit down as he pleased.

Han Li smiled from seeing his restraint and amiably said, “Mister Wang, there is no need to be so formal. Please take a seat. There are a few things that I’d like to discuss with you.”

Wang Changqing repeatedly stated that he didn’t dare to in a manner of reverence and trepidation.

Han Li wrinkled his brow in response and didn’t press him any further.

After a short moment of thought, he straightforwardly asked, “I am a cultivator that came here from another land. I was wondering if Mister Wang could give me an introduction to the nearby regions and customs. Naturally, the more that you can tell me about matters pertaining cultivators, the better. I will certainly give this elderly man my thanks!” As Han Li spoke, his expression was tranquil as can be.

Wang Changqing pondered for a moment before slowly saying, “Since Immortal Master came from a foreign land, then I must first tell you that this place is the Scattered Stars Sea. We are in the southwest quadrant of this area. The three great islands nearby are the Tail Star Island, Stalwart Star Island, and Sang Star Island. Naturally, there are also many islands of smaller sizes with both cultivators and mortals living on each.

“We share the same conventions as those of other territorial waters. Every island has an island lord, a cultivator with the greatest magic power that is responsible for protecting the island. If other cultivators wish settle on the island and are willing to hold an office, they will be given a set amount of spirit stones from the island lord every year, but they must obey the island lord’s commands. Naturally, if one were to reside on an island and was unwilling to hold an office, they would be required to give the island lord a set amount of spirit stones every year if they wished to remain on the island.”

With that said, Wang Changqing paused, revealing an expression of admiration as if he held great longing towards cultivators.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-365
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
