# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 386

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Chapter 386

Han Li meditated for several days in his hidden room before taking the spirit medicines. After reaching his peak state, he took out a small bottle of Liquid Heavenfire.

He lifted his head and placed a few drops into his mouth before hastily putting away the bottle. He then closed his eyes, waiting for the medicinal power to flare. Shortly after, Han Li felt his meridians start to scald. His true origin had turned into something like boiling water and started to quickly flow through his meridians.

Han Li was initially dumbstruck, but he hastily took out an unknown spiritual medicine and instantly swallowed it down. Afterwards, he started to cultivate the Azure Essence Sword Art in an attempt to break through his bottleneck.

The day that Han Li broke through to the seventh layer, would be the day that Han Li reached Core Formation stage.

Before this, Han Li had instructed Crooked Soul in the neighboring room to also take the Liquid Heavenfire and other spiritual medicines with his spiritual sense.

The Divine Blood Light that Crooked Soul cultivated was considered a quick success Devil Dao cultivation art. Normally, there would be no possibility of Core Formation, but with the [Five Elements Blood Cores], his chances of Core Formation were the same as Han Li’s.

Crooked Soul didn’t use a cultivation art to form a core, he instead swallowed the Five Elements Blood Cores and refined the cores’ power to form a fiend core.

But in contrast, as his Core Formation process was much simpler than Han Li’s, Han Li didn’t need to pay further attention to Crooked Soul after giving out his orders.

Although Han Li’s success in Core Formation was uncertain, he was still going to make a serious attempt. Even if he were to fail, he would accumulate a large amount of experience for his next attempt.

With that thought, Han Li gradually shut out all sense of the external world and deeply sank into bitter cultivation.

At that moment, Han Li became completely oblivious to both time and the outside world.

Time passed day by day, as springs passed and winters arrived…

Four years later, Sea Ape Island was quite lively and disordered. There was a faint atmosphere of excitement present in the island’s city and the docks.

At the time of noon that day, on a remote mountain on the island, a scene occurred that left a cultivator in secluded cultivation dumbstruck.

He saw the faraway cloudless dark blue skies suddenly filled with clouds and wind!

A dense, black cloud had appeared out of nowhere, enveloping some barren mountain. With flashes of silver lightning and claps of deafening thunder, it appeared as if a crazed serpent was wildly dancing.

At that same time, the Heaven-Earth Spiritual Qi from all around the barren mountain started to revolve around it with a long cry. A huge vortex spanning two kilometers formed underneath the black clouds, thoroughly sucking away the Spiritual Qi from over ten kilometers away and leaving the nearby rogue cultivators in great astonishment.

They all walked out of their places of cultivation and hastily flew towards the barren mountain.

Although these cultivators were ignorant and ill informed, many of them realized that this astonishing scene was clearly caused by a senior succeeding in Core Formation.

There was another Core Formation cultivator that appeared in the Scattered Star Seas! However, it was extremely surprising to the rogue cultivators that someone would attempt to from their core in an area with such sparse Spiritual Qi.

As they felt both awe and admiration, they wanted to see the result. They even had the faint hope of forming some sort of connection to this senior; perhaps,they could actually become his disciple.

Without waiting for them to arrive, the distant vortex had already absorbed enough Spiritual Qi, and with the huge cry of a phoenix, the vortex collapsed, scattering its remaining Spiritual Qi. The scattered Spiritual Qi then faintly shined with rainbow light, creating a beautiful sight .

Afterwards, the cloud dispersed, the lightning and thunder disappeared, and everything returned to normal, returning to fine sunny weather.

At that moment, those rogue cultivators that flew near the barren mountain, suddenly heard an extremely cold voice, “Those that approach this mountain without permission will die!”

Those grim words were completely emotionless, causing the many low-grade cultivators nearby to grow pale. They all suddenly stopped and looked at each other. It was quite obvious that this Senior who succeeded in Core Formation did not wish for anybody to disturb him.

After glancing at each other for a while, they all had no intention of disobediently moving forward and silently left.

Not long after, the news of a cultivator having just reached Core Formation had spread throughout Sea Ape Island, leaving those who had been unaware shocked.

They were extremely puzzled as to why a cultivator would choose to undergo Core Formation at Sea Ape Island. Soon after, a huge amount of low-grade cultivators started to create new Immortal’s caves at the center of the barren mountains.

Although the Core Formation cultivator had given a warning and they didn’t dare to disobey and approach too closely to the mountain, the rogue cultivators all chose to cultivate nearby in hopes that they may perhaps meet him!

For a time, the nearby lands were flourishing with people.

But unbeknown to them, the barren mountain had long been abandoned, and the Core Formation cultivator in question was flying in the sky about a thousand kilometers away. He had a tranquil youth flying with him, Han Li, who had failed to form his core.

As Han Li glanced at the meditating Crooked soul, his face was calm despite feeling joy in his heart.

In truth, he had left seclusion about a year ago after having taken spiritual medicines and meditated for three years, he couldn’t help but give up. This attempt at Core Formation had definitely failed as there wasn’t the slightest trace of his true essence solidifying. As such, he stopped cultivating and focused on assisting Crooked Soul in Core Formation.

Along with the forceful assistance of several other spirit medicines, Crooked Soul met a massive success a few days before and eventually formed a fiend core.

This extremely smooth process left Han Li quite surprised and beyond happy.

After Han Li shouted at the rogue cultivators that came to look, he immediately abandoned the Immortal’s cave and secretly brought Crooked Soul away from Sea Ape Island.

He now wanted to return to Minor Expanse Island and see whether or not his true Immortal’s cave had been discovered. He was confident that even if his pursuers were patient, there would be no way that they would have a Core Formation cultivator standing watch at Minor Expanse Island.

If it was unguarded, he would take away all of the wondrous bugs from his true Immortal’s cave and fly far away, completely abandoning the southwest sea. With the Scattered Star Seas being extremely large and Crooked Soul having an early Core Formation cultivation, Han Li would surely be able to find a suitable location.

In addition, although Crooked Soul wasn’t able to use the “Green Brilliance Sword” due to his mismatching spiritual roots, he was still able to barely make use of Elder Gu’s magic treasure, the “Immemorial Bowl”.

Even if he wasn’t able to completely refine the treasure and make complete use of its might, he was still able to use the magic treasure to fight against other Core Formation cultivators.

Besides, he had also handed over the small golden sword treasure talisman and the golden skull treasure talisman to Crooked Soul. As for the small saber talisman treasure, Han Li kept it for himself.

With Crooked Soul’s Core Formation cultivation, he would able to activate the treasure talisman at a much greater speed and attack enemies in an instant, making up for his deficiencies of not being able to make complete use of a magic treasure’s might.

With that in mind, Han Li drove his Divine Wind Boat at its greatest speed, turning into a streak of white light flying in the direction of Stalwart Star Island.

…

A month later, Han Li and Crooked Soul appeared once more above Minor Expanse Island.

After searching through Minor Expanse Island with his spiritual sense and finding no cultivators present, he and Crooked Soul entered the island through the dock and flew towards the mountains containing his Immortal’s cave.

Although he was still far away from the mountains, Han Li’s spiritual sense had already examined them ahead of time.

Han Li was dumbfounded! Not only were both his true and false Immortal’s caves untouched but the three spell formations he had placed down were as well. This was truly beyond his imagination.

Upon this strange discovery, Han Li became even more vigilant and stopped the Divine Wind Boat at a distant location.

He didn’t enter the formation spell. Instead, he gloomily shifted his gaze around.

In the end, he discovered there was nothing odd about the mountains. Han Li lowered his head and muttered to himself for a moment and suddenly stamped down on his Divine Wind Boat and started flying into the formations with a raised brow.

The formation spells were exactly the same as they were four years ago. After further hesitation, Han Li entered his Immortal’s caves.

He didn’t care about the false Immortal’s cave in the short mountain; instead, he directly entered his true Immortal’s cave and headed towards the secret room housing the wondrous bugs.

When Han Li arrived in front of the secret room, his jaw dropped. The scene before him left him stunned.

Chapter 386: Core Formation in Four Years

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-386
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
