# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 701

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

The attacker with the fluttering robes was Wang Tiangu.

Wang Tiangu calmly said, “Brother Yun, please don’t be so hasty! I merely wished to confirm whether or not Fellow Daoist Yun wished to use his priority selection on this jade box and renounce the privilege on any other items.”

The white-clothed old man regained his calm, but he glared at Wang Tiangu nonetheless, “Naturally, I want to take a look inside first. Why would I choose it if it were useless?”

Wang Tiangu wore a fearless expression and instead glanced at the three jade boxes on the jade bed. He calmly said, “If I remember correctly, we agreed that you two would have first pick and we would evenly divide what was leftover, but doesn’t Fellow Daoist believe that there will be enough to divide once the jade boxes are taken?”

“What is Fellow Daoist planning? Go ahead and say it. Do you plan on reneging on our agreement?” Marquis Nanlong took several steps forward and stood alongside the old man. With a malicious expression, he swept his gaze past the three Ghost Spirit Sect cultivators.

Wang Tiangu smiled and calmly said, “I have no intention of breaking my promise. However, there are far too few treasures on the second floor to be decided. Since the jade boxes cannot be seen through with spiritual sense, they are probably the most precious items in the building. Perhaps Master Cang Kun’s profound cultivation arts or even the secret of Devilfall Valley lay within.

Even under these circumstances, you two Fellow Daoists wish to perceive their value before choosing the item. Isn’t this excessive?”

The white-clothed old man “Excessive? I only recall that you Fellow Daoists personally agreed to our conditions of priority selection. What does it have to do with us if there aren’t enough items here!”

The old woman surprisingly backed Wang Tiangu, “Those words can’t be said. Fellow Daoists are allowed to have first pick with the items, but they can’t examine what are within the boxes. If Fellow Daoists are unsure, they may pick another item. For example, this glacial jade bed is a rather rare treasure. To cultivators with Yin Ice cultivation arts, it is a vastly precious treasure.”

Once that was said, Marquis Nanlong’s expression became gloomy. He suddenly emitted an immense pressure that forced Wang Tiangu and the old woman to take a step back.

At Nascent Soul stage, the difference in power between early and mid stage wasn’t something to underestimate.

Marquis Nanlong narrowed his eyes and swept his gaze past the rest of the party with eyes as cold as a sword’s edge, “If there is anyone who believes Fellow Daoist Wang’s words to be reasonable, step forward. For Brother Wang to act so boldly, he should more than just Madam Tai supporting him!”

After a moment of silence, the tan cultivator calmly said, “Marquis Nanlong, there is no need to be angry! Brother Wang’s words aren’t without reason. Fellow Daoist can’t just leave us with scraps.”

As for the stern-faced cultivator, he unconsciously frowned and hesitantly stood behind Wang Tiangu as if forgetting of their unfriendly relationship. Suddenly, apart from Han Li, the two parties stood in confrontation.

Marquis Nanlong and the white-clothed old man’s expressions vastly changed.

Marquis Nanlong instantly regained his calm and asked, “It seems you’ve formed a group beforehand. Just when have you decided this? You shouldn’t have had the opportunity on the way here.”

Wang Tiangu nonchalantly said, “It is impossible to have formed a group all at once. These Fellow Daoist and I had a small meeting before we left. We talked about a few plans of self preservations as well as any unexpected circumstances. This was one of the situations that we had anticipated. We now have no option but to right against Fellow Daoists Nanlong and Yun.”

Marquis Nanlong’s expression grew icy. His gaze soon landed on Han Li and he gravely asked, “Fellow Daoist Han, what will you do?”

As of current, the two mid Nascent Soul cultivators were standing in confrontation against four early Nascent Soul cultivators and two late Core Formation cultivators. From the balance of power, Han Li who had yet to pick a side had become a crucial point to the conflict.

Han Li didn’t immediately choose. He merely turned his head and calmly looked at Wang Tiangu’s party, attempting to read their expressions the best he could.

Not only did Wang Tiangu look at Han Li with a calm expression, but he also calmly smiled, revealing not a trace of worry. At his side, Wang Chan appeared excited and Yan Ruyan appeared to be at a loss. They didn’t seem to know that Wang Tiangu and the others had formed an alliance beforehand.

Lady Tai and the stern-faced cultivator didn’t reveal the slightest alarm. They merely glanced at Han Li with an emotionless gaze.

Han Li’s heart thumped. He felt that something was amiss and he grew greatly vigilant. He casually took several steps away from either party and smiled, “I don’t have an opinion. Regardless of whatever the outcome Fellow Daoist Wang or Brother Nanlong decides, I will not oppose it.

Marquis Nanlong wasn’t surprised by Han Li’s words. Han Li had always displayed a neutral attitude. The question was merely verifying what the Marquis already suspected.

Marquis Nanlong’s expression relaxed and he nodded to Han Li. His gaze then turned towards Wang Tiangu and he coldly smiled as if about to speak.

But at that moment, the white-clothed old man suddenly took a step forward and icily said, “Brother Nanlong, for what reason are you talking to them? Do these people truly believe that they will be able to cause us to succeed by joining hands. Delusional!” Once this was said, he opened his mouth and spat out a shining white magic treasure.

“Fellow Daoist Yun, wait. I am... You!” Marquis Nanlong frowned and thought to stop the old man’s rash actions as their changes of victory weren’t entirely certain. They didn’t expect that the old man would suddenly command the silver wheel to fly in his direction.

A muffled peng sounded out.

Under Marquis Nanlong’s incredulous gaze, the silver wheel tore through the golden light protecting his body and directly struck his chest. Not only was he forced to take several steps back, but there was also a depression left in his chest.

Marquis Nanlong responded with furious alarm. He flung his sleeve and shot a small golden blade from his palm towards the old man.

But at that moment, the old man blurred and appeared at Wang Tiangu’s side. He had raised his hand and commanded the silver wheel to block the golden sword. He then coldly glanced at Marquis Nanlong’s chest. Beneath his torn robes, there was a layer of shining azure cloth armor. Although it had a deep depression, it was still in one piece.

The old man’s expression flickered and he expressionlessly muttered, “Azure Rhino Armor! As expected, you wore it on hand.”

Marquis Nanlong’s cheek began to appear dark red and he stroked his chest, staring at the old man as he furiously spoke, “Good, very good! I didn’t expect you to have been bought by them.” Although their view was obstructed by blinding light, all could see that he was seriously injured.

The old man ignored Marquis Nanlong as if he were a stranger and said, “Fellow Daoists, be careful. Do not let him leave this place alive. With his cultivation, we will attract no small amount of trouble.”

The stern-faced cultivator sinisterly smiled, “Relax. We have so many people on our side, and he is seriously injured. It will be impossible for him to escape.” He then spat out a misty white flying saber from his mouth.

At that moment, Wang Tiangu turned his head to Han Li and amiably said, “Fellow Daoist Han, if you help us deal with him, you’ll receive a portion of his treasure. How about it?” He spoke sincerely as if ignoring the past hostilities that Han Li and Wang Chan shared.

“Help you?” The previous scene came as a great shock to Han Li and his expression vastly changed. His eyes then turned towards the stairs.

In the instant the old man attacked Marquis Nanlong, the old woman has silently guarded the staircase. Otherwise, Han Li would’ve already made his escape. Since the walls of the pavilion were flickering with white light, it was clear that it was under the effects of some formidable restriction and would be incapable of being broken through.

Han Li didn’t trust Wang Tiangu’s proposal to group together. Surely Han Li would be next after Marquis Nanlong was eliminated. They would’ve extended the offer to Han Li to join hands beforehand were this not the case. He reckoned that from the very start, it had been decided for Han Li to die alongside Marquis Nanlong.

With that thought, Han Li’s expression remained calm as he attempted to agree with them for the time being. However, Marquis Nanlong scoffed and said, “Fellow Daoist Han, you can’t honestly believe such a shallow trick. Although I don’t know what methods Fellow Daoist Wang used to entice the lot of them, my good friend of a hundred years included, but if we join hands, there is hope for survival. But if we allow them to deal with us separately, we will certainly meet our doom!”

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-701
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
