# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 702

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

As Marquis Nanlong spoke, he brushed his hand past his chest. In a pulse of soft white light, the depression in the armor was restored back to normal.

Wang Tiangu and the others were surprised, but the white-clothed old man calmly explained, “There is no need to be worried. He is merely using a secret technique to temporarily suppress his injuries. There is still lasting damage! But he will be troublesome together with that Youngster Han. Have someone tangle him down for the time being. Kill Marquis Nanlong first.”

Once the old man finished, he unhurriedly pointed the silver wheel in front of him. The magic treasure immediately turned into a silver streak above his head. A mist of white light spread around his body, causing him to appear indistinct. Knowing that Marquis Nanlong held a bone-deep grudge against him, he wasn’t about to hold back in the slightest.

Wang Tiangu frowned and felt that this was reasonable. He turned his head to the stern-faced cultivator and said, “Brother Long, deal with that youngster for a moment. You don’t need to try your hardest to kill him. Just keep him occupied. After we deal with Marquis Nanlong, we’ll kill him together.”

Wang Tiangu icily glared at Han Li and no longer contained his killing intent. His body suddenly emitted a meter-tall black radiance, completely enveloping him in darkness.

When the old woman and the tan cultivator saw this, they each spat our their magic tools in preparation.

The stern-faced cultivator chuckled and silently slip out a milky-white jade scepter from his sleeve. He then took several steps forward and mysteriously smiled at Han Li, “Not a problem. I’ll deal with Fellow Daoist Han!”

From his point of view, holding down a cultivator that had just entered Nascent Soul stage was a trivial affair. It was far safer than attempting to confront a mid Nascent Soul cultivator.

Han Li stared at the stern-faced cultivator and remained entirely still, but when he saw that the old woman had left the stairwell, his heart began to heavily thump. He tightly grabbed onto the ancient treasure that was hidden in his sleeve.

At that moment, Marquis Nanlong swept his sleeve and sent out a mist of gold, sweeping the three jade boxes on the bed into his grasp.

“Take it!” Marquis Nanlong tossed one of the jade boxes to Han Li without any hesitation.

This action was greatly unexpected and none attempted to block it. Han Li easily caught the jade box with slight confusion on his face.

With his arms behind his back, Marquis Nanlong explained, “Since Fellow Daoist isn’t following their wretched actions, I will give this jade box to you. If the box truly contains the secrets of Devilfall Valley and Fellow Daoist is able to make it out alive, it can be considered a fated chance.”

When the others heard this, their expressions vastly changed.

Han Li glanced down at the jade box in his hand and licked his lips. He inwardly felt a desire to howl with laughter, but he managed to retain his calm with his exceeding force of will. The item that all the cultivators presently wished to acquire had fallen right into his hands. He found it hilarious.

Of course, Marquis Nanlong hadn’t done this out of kindness. Since the other side were determined to acquire the jade boxes, he gave a jade box to Han Li in order to divert their attention and create an opportunity for himself to escape.

Marquis Nanlong was quite a decisive and formidable character to abandon a treasure that was already in his possess. But once Han Li realized that very treasure was in his hands, he couldn’t help but inwardly laugh.

Han Li flipped his hand without a thought and placed it away in a storage pouch.

Wang Tiangu’s expression grew sullen and he decisively ordered, “Chan’er, assist Fellow Daoist Long with Ruyan. Do not allow that Youngster Han the opportunity to escape. The others and I will be enough for the Marquis.”

He appeared calm and his reason wasn’t overturned by his desire for the jade box. He merely sent the weakest among them to look after Han Li and paid him no more heed.

When the others saw this, they grew tempted, but they all knew that so long as they could kill Marquis Nanlong first, Han Li was as good as theirs.

“Yes, Second Uncle! I was already thinking of it!” Wang Chan’s eyes revealed a malicious expression and he sinisterly smiled. He then beckoned to Yan Ruyan and walked towards Han Li.

A complicated expression flickered on Yan Ruyan’s face for a moment, and she silently followed after him.

Han Li calmly glanced at the two without the slightest change in emotion.

Han Li found it rather laughable. Although weapons were at the ready, the battle had yet to start on the other side. It wasn’t due to any lingering sentiments, but due to caution. With Marquis Nanlong now a cornered beast, there was a change he might steel his resolve and decide to take one or two with them in mutual destruction.

With the fear of a counterattack from a mid Nascent Soul on death’s door, they were each unwilling to be the first to strike in fear of receiving a fatal counterattack.

Moreover, they weren’t in the slightest rush. With Marquis Nanlong’s wounds only worsening with time, the advantage laid with them.

But bafflingly, Marquis Nanlong stood motionlessly in place as if he were unconcerned with his injuries. However, his red complexion was only growing brighter, nearly becoming the same shade as blood itself.

This only caused Wang Tiangu and the others to appear more hesitant. In fear that the Marquis would employ a secret technique to muster the entirety of his strength, they each gazed at him from a distance with icy gazes.

As for the stern-faced cultivator, he didn’t take the initiative to attack Han Li. His only goal was to tie him down. While Wang Chan held only the desire to kill Han Li as soon as possible, he lacked the cultivation to act.

As such, the entire building was entirely peaceful despite the profuse killing intent that was present.

A short moment later, Han Li wore a pensive expression and sighed. Although he wasn’t loud, it was noticed by everyone present.

As each of the Nascent Soul eccentrics in the building were shrewd and cunning, none of them turned their attention to Han Li apart from the stern-faced faced cultivator. As for Wang Chan, he curled his lips and sneered.

From their point of view, Han Li could only take action after Marquis Nanlong. It was only in that case he could take advantage of the chaos to escape. Nobody believed that Han Li would take action after he sighed.

Han Li calmly raised his hand and revealed a pitch-black item in his hand.

Marquis Nanlong narrowed his eyes. Before he could even see what it was, he flung it into the air without any reservation. It spun in a circle before instantaneously expanding to the size of twenty-five meters, forming what seemed to be a wall between both sides of the conflict..

When the stern-faced cultivator clearly saw the pitch-black mountain, he didn’t know what treasure it was. While he was surprised, he managed to react and pointed to the jade scepter in front of him. In an instant, the jade scepter loudly hummed and brightly shined with white light. A huge white tiger then materialized from the radiance.

Although the tiger appeared indistinct, it bared its ferocious fangs as soon as it appeared and instantly shot a beam of lazing white light towards the black mountain.

With a loud rumble, the white light instantly engulfed a majority of the mountain.

Wang Chan also reacted. He formed an incantation gesture with his hands, engulfing his body in a crimson mist. In that same moment, the stench of blood filled the air.

As for Yan Ruyan, she also formed an incantation gesture and enveloped herself in crimson mist. However, she emitted an odd fragrance rather than the scent of blood. A whiff of it would cause one’s mind to become dizzy and muddled.

The stern-faced cultivator felt some relief at this. As he willed the white tiger to spit out another beam of light with his jade scepter, he slapped his storage pouch with his other hand, summoning an inch-large, faint-blue gourd into his hand.

Just as he was about to deploy the gourd, he suddenly heard a faint roll of thunder. In his alarm, he formed a hand incantation without any hesitation and formed a dense light barrier around him.

At nearly that same time, a flash of silver lightning appeared at his side, revealing Han Li with silver wings emerging from his back.

“Ah, you...” The stern-faced cultivator was greatly shocked, but as a result of his rich combat experience, he hastily raised the gourd in his hand and shot out a dazzling bolt of blue lightning.

In the instant the blue lightning shot out, Han Li didn’t dodge. Rather, he blankly opened his mouth, spitting out a thread of blue flame. The blue flames pierced through the white light barrier without the slightest resistance and shot towards the stern-faced cultivator.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-702
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
