# Chapter 807: Entering the Valley

After hearing the Ghost Spirit Sect Master mention the ancient teleportation formations, a few cultivators rejoiced at his words while others remained skeptical. After all, few truly knew of the internal situation of Devilfall Valley.

“To put everyone’s hearts at ease, I will have Quanzi and Elder Zhong go across first. We will have everyone else cross afterwards.” Wang Tiansheng finished, and waved his arm towards Wang Chan and Yan Ruyan.

The silver-masked Wang Chan and Yan Ruyan walked towards the center of the spell formation and stood next to the midNascent Soul old man.

Soon after Wang Tiansheng gave the command, the cultivators simultaneously pointed the flags down, shooting an arm-thick rainbow beam of light towards various points of the spell formation. Suddenly, the entire spell formation began to hum and the spirit stones around it began to brightly shine.

This scene stirred the nearby cultivators, but Wang Tiansheng paid them little notice. Wang Tiangu then brought eight Core Formation cultivators with him towards the spell formation.

In that moment, the other cultivators clearly saw that while the spell formation may appear enormous, it seemed to only be able to teleport three people at a time. As a result, the Ghost Spirit Sect cultivators had to be teleported in batches.

Seeing that the Ghost Spirit Sect had rushed to take the first step, the other cultivators grew tempted to follow them. However, cultivators were often cunning and cautious. For a time, no one dared to step forward and clearly wished to see others make an attempt first. After all, the Ghost Spirit Sect’s reputation wasn’t very great and the slightest mistake could lead to certain death.

Han Li stood up on the mound, taking in a better view of the scene.

Wang Tiansheng coldly laughed upon seeing the cultivators responses and he raised his arms towards the sky. The sky above him began to stir and the valley’s surroundings gradually became quieter.

Despite the awkward atmosphere, the Moulan began to move. Over ten Moulan spell warriors silently walked towards the huge formation behind the scholarly man surnamed Zhong and the woman surnamed Le.

A trace of black Qi flickered across Wang Tiansheng’s face after seeing this, but soon disappeared. As for the taciturn Wei Wuya, he calmly faced Elder Zhong and looked at him.

Before the Moulan spell warriors made their way into the spell formation, Elder Zhong flung his sleeve, shooting over ten streaks of azure light from his sleeve into the sky.

Wang Tiansheng then expressionlessly waved his hand and caught the lights, only to reveal tensome medallions.

Although Wang Tiansheng didn’t participate in the battle at the border, he already knew of the Divine Sage’s identity. As such, he took a breath and slowly said, “Good. The quantity will suffice. Please go in.”

Elder Zhongn nodded and several spell warriors moved from behind him, entering the spell formation. Suddenly, the Ghost Spirit Sect disciples floating in the air activated the formation and sent the Moulan into the valley in groups of three.

When Elder Zhong walked into the spell formation, he glanced at Wei Wuya and casually said, “If the target location of this transportation formation is random, then it’d be best if your sect’s disciples don’t encounter us.”

Showing no fear, Wei Wuya faced the Moulan Divine Sage and replied, “How could something so convenient happen in this world? If something like that truly happens, it can only be by the wills of the Heavens.”

“The will of Heavens? Hehe, then so be it!” Divine Sage Zhong coldly chuckled and disappeared with white light alongside two of his juniors.

After that was said, Wang Tiansheng glanced at the empty spell formation with a trace of a scowl.

When the others saw that the Moulan were able to safely use the transportation formation, they couldn’t help but lose their composure. Many cultivators began to take out their Devilfall Medallions and walk towards the transportation formation.

Over the span of a few minutes, the transportation formation flickered with light many times, sending over three hundred people into Devilfall Valley, about a fourth of the total number of Devilfall Medallions. As for the high-grade spirit stone at the spell formation’s center, it had already begun to dim; its spiritual power appeared nearly exhausted.

Han Li indifferently watched all of this as he stood on top of the mound and made note of all the cultivators who entered the valley.

Suddenly, Han Li’s gaze shifted to six green-robed cultivators that approached the spell formation. The one leading them was the Controlling Spirit Sect’s Grand Elder, Dongmen Tu. Han Li didn’t have a particularly good impression of. Although they had never engaged each other in a direct confrontation, Han Li felt that he should be careful around this person considering his involvement in dealing with the Moulan spy, Gu Shuangpu. But with his vastly powerful abilities, Han Li didn’t need to pay too much attention to him.

At that moment, the five green-robed cultivators escorting Dongmen Tu simultaneously turned their heads in the direction of Han Li. At the same time, Han Li’s assimilated second Nascent Soul suddenly began to intensely stir. Were it not for Han Li’s quick reaction to immediately concentrate and forcefully dominate it with his spiritual sense, he feared it would’ve manifested on its own.

At that same moment, Han Li used his spiritual sense to carefully observe the five green-robed cultivators. “Elemental Spirit Nascents!” These early Nascent Soul cultivators gave off a strange impression similar to his second Nascent Soul. As a result, he couldn’t help but squint at them, not knowing where they came from.

Of course, Dongmen Tu also noticed his escorts acting strangely and he hurriedly turned his gaze to Han Li, happening to exchange glances with him.

A trace of astonishment appeared on Dongmen Tu’s face, but he soon turned his head around as if nothing had happened and walked into the spell formation. As for Wang Tiangu, he appeared greatly shocked upon seeing that Dongmen Tu was being accompanied by five other Nascent Soul cultivators.

As for Wei Wuya, he closely examined several of the green-robed cultivators and wore a pensive expression.

Staring at these five cultivators, Wang Tiansheng asked with a deep tone, “Brother Dongmen, these Fellow Daoists are quite unfamiliar. Could you introduce them to me?”

In his cunning, Dongmen Tu casually responded, “I’ll be happy to once the matter with Devilfall Valley is concluded.”

Wang Tiansheng inwardly cursed him, but he knew that Dongmen Tu wouldn’t tell the truth. Unwilling to let this drag on, he gave the order to his disciples to teleport the six Nascent Soul cultivators in two groups. In the instant that Dongmen Tu was teleported, he unconsciously glanced at Han Li with a malicious expression.

Although his action was well hidden, Han Li had clearly seen it with his spiritual sense. It appeared that Dongmen Tu was able to sense the Spirit Nascent inside his body. This would prove troublesome. With the Elemental Spirit Nascents following him, he had suddenly become a fearsome foe. It was a pity that the Wood Spirit Nascent still wasn’t fully assimilated. It seemed that Han Li would have to be much more careful after he entered the valley.

Soon after Dongmen Tu was teleported, another group of three appeared behind them. Han Li wore a wry smile upon seeing them. They were Senior Martial Brother Cheng and two other Nascent Soul cultivators that were nearing the end of their lifespan.

Han Li sighed and watched the three teleport into the valley. Afterward, his attention shifted to the high-grade spirit stone that sat at the center of the spell formation. It had already grown mostly lightless.

Han Li’s gaze flickered and without any further hesitation, he soared into the sky and flew over in a streak of azure light. He soon descended in front of the spell formation and tossed his Devilfall Medallion towards Wang Tiansheng.

Wei Wuya’s figure blurred and he appeared a hundred meters away from Han Li. “Fellow Daoist Han, you’ve also arrived. With your young age, your prospects are limitless. There should be no need for you brave such danger.”

Han Li calmly replied, “Many thanks for your kindness Brother Wei, but there is a reason I must enter Devilfall Valley.”

Wei Wuya frowned and stared at Han Li’s expression for a moment more before his expression grew sullen. “Since Fellow Daoist Han has decided, I won’t speak of the matter further. I just hope that our goals differ.” With that said, Wei Wuya blurred and reappeared back in his original position.

After seeing Wei Wuya speak to this youth with such a serious tone, how could Wang Tiansheng not know who Han Li was? With a calm expression, he examined Han Li with shock filling his heart.

He had heard of Han Li many years ago when Wang Chan had suffered a massive loss which allowed Han Li to escape back when they both only possessed Foundation Establishment stage cultivations. After the passage of time, he had reappeared in the Heavenly South Continent as a Nascent Soul cultivator. Additionally, the youth had once again developed a deep hatred towards Ghost Spirit Sect and escaped their grasp once more.

Several years had passed since the incident at the Moulan Plains, while his reputation soared and he displayed abilities that left other cultivators in awe, raising him to become an existence on par with the Three Great Heavenly South cultivators. When Wang Tiansheng heard about this, the matter was far from good, and he took Han Li’s name to heart. Now that Han Li had arrived before them, he wished to figure out who this person was.

Unfortunately for him, Han Li was already standing at the center of the spell formation with his eyes shut and a neutral expression, leaving no openings for anybody else to approach him.

This caused Wang Tiansheng’s heart to tremble and he was touched with a faint sense of trepidation. Regardless, he was able to wave his hand with a relaxed posture and the disciples in the air activated the formation, sending Han Li off in a series of hums.

After a chain of teleportations, Han Li felt a wave of uneasiness but he eventually recovered his bearings and began to examine his surroundings.

He found himself near a mostly collapse stone cliff and was surrounded by overgrown grass that reached half a person tall. In the distance, he saw a chain of short, unbroken hills. There wasn’t a person to be seen. However, this wasn’t strange in the least as Devilfall Valley spanned hundreds of thousands of kilometers. If two people weren’t teleported together, it would be incredibly difficult to find them. When Han Li turned around to look around about him, he couldn’t help but wear an astonished expression.

> Source: https://novelfire.net/book/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-807
> Pulled as original English (novelfire).
