# Chapter 822: The Sevenflame Fan

Han Li’s gaze flickered. Having seen Lu Weiying’s expression, he asked, “Could it be that Brother Lu is suggesting another method to split the treasures?”

“If the jade box and medicine bottles were also ancient treasures, it wouldn’t be a problem if we each got two items. But...”

“We still don’t know what is inside the jade box or medicine bottles. Naturally, we should first take a look inside and split them in accordance to value.” Marquis Nanlong interrupted him and said something that appeared fair.

Lu Weiying frowned after he heard this, but he soon nodded and said, “I also find those terms agreeable. How about you, Fellow Daoist Han?”

“I have no objections. Let’s do that then.” Han Li replied without any further thought.

“Fellow Daoist Han speaks quite frankly. I’ll be taking a look at what is inside.” Appearing quite satisfied at Han Li’s response, Marquis Nanlong swept his hand and summoned the white box into his grasp. With a slap from his other hand, he attempted to open the box.

White light shined the moment the box opened and a layer of white light appeared from it, repelling Marquis Nanlong’s hand. “Yi! The box is under a restriction.” After muttering to himself for a moment, golden light flashed from his hand and he grabbed the box once more.

The white light blocked him once more and intertwined with the light from Marquis Nanlong’s hand, but after a short moment, the golden light sparked and he managed to forcefully open the box before the white light completely disappeared. Han Li was blinded for a moment before clearly seeing a faintly yellow jade slip within the box.

Lu Weiying wore an odd expression and Marquis Nanlong hesitated for a moment before placing the jade slip on his forehead. After sweeping through the contents of the jade slip in an instant, he wore an odd expression.

“Fellow Daoists, have a look at it!” Preventing the others from growing suspicious of him, Marquis Nanlong quickly tossed it over to Han Li. Han Li caught the jade slip and placed it against his forehead. A frown unconsciously appeared on his face a moment later and he gave the jade slip to Lu Weiying, who also quickly read through it.

Before Lu Weiying even finished reading through it, he muttered, “The Sevenflame Fan? I’ve never heard of this ancient treasure. Is it powerful?”

Marquis Nanlong mused and said, “I’m not sure, but given the difficult refinement method listed in the jade slip and the fact that it requires spirit ore, it should be quite formidable.”

Lu Weiying shook his head and returned the jade slip to Marquis Nanlong. “Even if it is powerful, it is no use. Although it details the refinement method, it requires over eighty-one fire attribute spirit materials with just as many supplementary materials. Among these are items that were long extinct from this world. The jade slip is now of little value and can only be used for research.”

Marquis Nanlong smiled and carelessly slipped the jade slip back into the box.

Just as Han Li deemed the jade slip to be useless, he suddenly heard Silvermoon’s delighted voice in his head, “The Sevenflame Fan? Master, does that jade slip truly contain the method to refine it?”

Han Li’s expression stirred and he replied, “That’s right. Do you know of it?”

Silvermoon’s voice trembled and she excitedly said, “Master, if I remember correctly, the Sevenflame Fan is a Divine Spirit Treasure, but its ranking was rather low amongst Divine Spirit Treasures, ranked in the teens.”

“Divine Spirit Treasure!” When Han Li heard this, he couldn’t help but speak with surprise.

Before Han Li could continue, the Monarch of Soul Divergence also spoke with excitement, “What? A Divine Spirit Treasure? You must acquire the jade slip by all means. I wished to research Divine Spirit Treasures in the past, but their refinement methods are quite difficult to come by.”

Silvermoon’s tone turned harsh and she coldly said, “Old eccentric, what are you doing running your mouth?”

The Monarch of Soul Divergence chuckled and casually said, “Demon fox, you’re still holding the grudge from before? I only thought to do a bit of research on you because I’ve never heard of a tool spirit that was intelligent. Didn’t your master accept as well?”

“You...”

Han Li coldly said, “Enough, Silvermoon! The matter has already passed, don’t cling onto it. However, it does come as a surprise that Senior knows of Divine Spirit Treasures. However, now isn’t the time to speak in detail. Let’s put it off for later.” Han Li then turned his gaze to the jade box and watched Marquis Nanlong open both of the black medicine bottles.

Silvermoon tactfully dropped the matter. Although she still felt unhappy towards the Monarch of Soul Divergence, she was still under the control of Han Li. With only a few simple words, he could order her to remain silent.

When Marquis Nanlong opened a black medicine bottle, Han Li felt his mind shake when he smelled the comforting fragrance that emerged.

Marquis Nanlong took out a glistening jade-green medicine pill from the bottle and held it in his palm. He hesitantly said, “This isn’t a common type of ancient medicine pill. While I’m not sure what it is, it shouldn’t be something harmful. I’ll have to identify it with records.”

With an entranced gaze, Lu Weiying slowly said, “How many pills are in the bottle?”

Marquis Nanlong faced Han Li and Lu Weiying and showed them the empty medicine bottle. “There is only the one pill, but it seems to be incredibly valuable.”

“Let’s look at the other medicine bottle!” Lu Weiying impatiently said.

Marquis Nanlong nodded and sealed the medicine pill in his hand up in the bottle before opening the other bottle to reveal an identical green medicine pill. As a result, the Marquis and the old man exchanged a glance of apprehension.

Han Li smiled and calmly asked, “It seems this harvest has been quite good. There are three ancient treasures, two unknown medicine pills, and the refinement method for an ancient treasure. How do you think we should divide it?”

Marquis Nanlong looked at the two medicine bottles in his hand and calmly said, “Although we don’t know what these spirit pills are, Fellow Daoist Han should know that we entered the valley in order to look for spiritual medicines. Fellow Daoist Lu and I plan on splitting them between us as a share of the treasure. Since this is the case, Fellow Daoist Han can have first pick of the other ancient treasures. We hope you don’t have any problem with this.”

When Han Li heard this, he frowned and glanced at the several treasures on the ground.

Han Li stroked his chin and shook his head, “You two Fellow Daoists should know the value of those ancient pills without me saying. To tell the truth, I might rather have one of those pills and increase my cultivation than take an ancient treasure.”

When the other two heard Han Li, their expressions grew tense. Marquis Nanlong’s expression stirred for a moment before forcing a smile, “Fellow Daoist Han’s age is still young. There should be no need to fight against two people at the end of their lifespans for the two medicine pills. In only a short time, you have entered the early Nascent Soul stage. It should be quite easy for you to reach the tallest heights of cultivation.”

Han Li softly said, “My age and wanting the medicine pill are two different matters. With such an opportunity before me, it is only natural for me to want to seize it will all my might. However, I am willing to renounce all the other treasures for those two medicine pills. To tell the truth, I have no lack of ordinary ancient treasures.”

Lu Weiying grew nervous at Han Li’s determined display and he gritted his teeth, saying, “Fellow Daoist Han must be joking. How could we possibly give up the two medicine pills? How about this, so long as Brother Han relinquishes his claim on the two medicine pills, we’ll give him priority on picking the entire his share of treasures. Brother Nanlong, what do you think?”

When Marquis Nanlong heard this, he grimaced but soon wore a bitter smile and said, “So long as he renounces his claim on the spirit pills, let’s have Fellow Daoist Han have first pick on two treasures.”

A trace of reluctant appeared on Marquis Nanlong’s face. After all, most of his ancient treasures had been destroyed when the Ghost Spirit Sect besieged him in the Moulan Plains. With so many ancient treasures before him, he felt unwilling to let them go. However, he knew those ancient spirit pills were far more valuable to him.

At that moment, Han Li revealed a trace of hesitation on his face as if tempted by their proposal.

When Lu Weiying saw this, he hastily took the opportunity to add on, “Fellow Daoist Han’s lifespan is still very long. There will be time to look for other pills later. In comparison, you should find those ancient treasures to be useful to you now. Having another ancient treasure in your possession will be sure to save your life in any future battles.”

Han Li couldn’t help but smile and said, “It seems that unless I give up on the spirit pills, it will be hard to distribute the treasures. Fine, since you two were so sincere, I will agree to give the spirit pills to you. I also don’t need two ancient treasures, only the mirror. Also, give the treasure refinement method and spirit ore over to me. I am quite interested in tool refinement.” Han Li reached out with his hand and summoned the purple mirror into his hand.

The two glanced at each other for a moment and promptly responded, “Then let’s do as you say, Brother Han.”

Although they felt puzzled that Han Li would want that instead of an ancient treasure, they were disinclined to further investigate the matter since they already had the ancient pills in hand.

When Han Li heard their responses, he nodded with a calm expression and put the mirror away in a flash of light. Soon, he flung his sleeve and swept up the jade box and the crafting materials in a cloud of green light, causing them to disappear from sight.

> Source: https://novelfire.net/book/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-822
> Pulled as original English (novelfire).
