# Chapter 848: Devil Light Screen

“Since you’re me and I’m you, why must I obey your orders now that I’ve gained my own consciousness. And in the Sacred Realm, it wasn’t rare for a soul fragment to devour the original. You should’ve realized this when you released me by myself.” The Elder Devil with the single head spoke with a calm tone.

The two-headed devil’s expression turned fierce. “That’s right, I had expected this. However, I didn’t think you’d manage to attract human cultivators to my body and use Dissolution Transformation on my sealed body to create a new one. Could it be you didn’t know that while this was capable of dispelling the curse, it would greatly damage my body’s vitality and decrease my cultivation by a third. Do you know what this means?”

The human form Elder Devil scoffed and said with a disdainful tone, “Your body? What are you going on about? I was originally a portion of your soul, so why can’t I use the body as I wish. As for the loss of a third of the body’s cultivation, so long as I devour you, I’ll be able to remain in the mortal world and evade those willfully ignorant cowards, become free and unfettered.

When the time is right, I’ll open up an ancient passage to the Sacred Realm. And as a result of this grand accomplishment, I may even become a member of the Sacred Ancestors. What will a bit of lost cultivation matter then?”

When the two-headed devil saw this, he knew there was no turning back and said little else. Since the second devil soul that he had cultivated is betraying him, they would have to attempt to ease the other’s spiritual sense as there could only be one main soul in this world.

Of course, the two-headed devil had no choice in the matter except to fight. Since the main soul was incapable of escaping the restrictions in this area, he couldn’t risk allowing his soul fragment to escape as well. Although he was now outmatched, his soul remnant had made a mistake.

Although his soul fragment had seized the devil body and his cultivation nor his devilform body could compare, he had placed a restriction on his soul fragment in his capacity as the main soul. While he didn’t know how much of this restriction had been dissolved, it would decide the coming battle between then.

With that thought, the Elder Devil suddenly turned one of its heads around and looked at the crowd of cultivators. He then said, “Let’s devour the cultivators’ Nascent Souls first and put off our business for later. Then we can have an uninterrupted battle on who will be the subordinate. I don’t want to give these humans any chance of taking advantage of the chaos. Surely you will agree.”

“Of course. I’ve now dissolved a majority of the restrictions on my body. Even if you didn’t attack, I could kill them all by myself.” The Elder Devil’s soul remnant spoke calmly, and he opened his eyes entirely, revealing blinding red-purple light.

The Elder Devil coldly chuckled and he unconsciously turned his sights on Han Li. “Don’t overestimate yourself. There are a few cultivators among them that will prove particularly troublesome.

The Elder Devil opened his mouth and spat out a long purple tongue as if in objection to this statement.

When the cultivators saw the two-headed Elder Devil reveal itself, they were somewhat surprised but they only grew more shocked as they heard their conversation. It seemed the two devils were originally a master and soul fragment. But now, the soul fragment was now the main soul now that it had seized the original body and they were at irreconcilable odds.

Ancestor Lingu and Senior Martial Brother Cheng were both secretly delighted at first when they heard this. If the two devils were to battle first, they could take advantage of the fight, but this suddenly changed when the two devils decided to unite to deal with the cultivators.

Han Li’s mind quickly churned and he turned to Wei Wuya, saying, “Fellow Daoist Wei, I’ll have to trouble you with delaying the main devil. These two will assist you while I and the others will deal with the two-headed devil. This is all we can hope in order to save ourselves.” Han Li nodded to Ancestor Linghu and the white woman, indicating for them to help Wei Wuya.

Wei Wuya wore a bitter smile when he realized what Han Li meant and said, “I will do the best I can. However, he has already dissolved most of the restrictions on his body, and I don’t know how much longer I can endure.” The most time he could buy, the more cultivators that would arrive.

Ancestor Linghu and the white-clothed woman raised no objections to being ordered around by Han Li. After all, strength was what decided seniority in the cultivation world.

As soon as Han Li finished the speaking, the two devils took action, without waiting for any further discussion to take place between the cultivators.

The main Elder Devil spun and devilish light began to shine from his body, suddenly dimming the sky before black-purple light massively surged throughout the sky and quickly tainted its color.

The main devil had remained in place as the light formed a curtain of light and spread outward. As for the two-headed devil, he wore an odd expression and his body blurred before disappearing from sight.

When the cultivators saw this, they knew the battle had begun. Regardless of what they had originally intended to do, they could only summon a brave face going forward.

Wu Wuya’s body shined with green light and the cloud surrounding him began to roil and surge. Over ten flood dragons were formed from the poison clouds and they charged forward with bared fangs and claws, occasionally slowed down by the vast influence of the devilish light.

Ancestor Linghu and the white-clothed woman exchanged a glance why they saw this and they flew directly to Wei Wuya’s side. The white-clothed woman took out her Statis Light Mirror and released a dense beam of rainbow light. It clashed against the devil’s light screen before slowing down.

With Ancestor Linghu’s ring ancient treasure sized, he could only take out his jade scepter and a small jade stamp block. It struck the devilish light screen in a streak of green with massive momentum.

From how the two saw it, Wei Wuya might be heavily injured, but he was one of the most powerful cultivators in the Heavenly South whose name had resounded for several hundred years. Compared to Han Li, he was the more reliable choice to assist. At the very least, they wouldn’t have to deal with that two-headed devil’s bizarre concealment techniques. The two had no chance of breaking through it, so it was a bit safer to face the other devil while under the protection of Wei Wuya’s poison mist.

In the blink of an eye, the two entered the green mist. Wei Wuya had opened a passageway, granting them a safe entrance.

Han Li paid no further attention to these two cultivators. Instead, he glanced over at his Senior Martial Brother Cheng’s party of cultivators and was soon stunned.

He saw that they weren’t able to protect themselves in time as the devilish purple-black light enveloped them. But as the three were vastly experienced and were Nascent Soul cultivators, they had methods to protect themselves. Of course, the three cultivators and the two puppets gathered together and assumed a five pointed protective formation. They released their own protective treasures, transforming into balls of flickering light that condensed into a dense multi-layered barrier.

The two sinister puppets even opened their mouths and blew out a grey Yin Qi to conceal the five within it.

At that same time, Han Li heard his Senior Martial Brother Cheng send him a voice transmission, “Junior Martial Brother Han, the devil seems formidable. Wouldn’t it be safer to

When Han Li heard this, he bitterly smiled. It seemed these three had their own methods to protect himself. He wouldn’t have to be worried much over protecting his Senior Martial Brother Cheng.

Although this method appeared to be safer, this required the party of cultivators performing this to be well suited to one another as they were each restraining one another. If one wasn’t used to joining hands with others, it was better to move alone.

With that thought, the curtain of devilish light had arrived at Han Li.

Han Li frowned and azure light flashed, covering him in a layer of azure light. Afterward, he raised his hands and pointed his fingers to the light screen. Over ten three-meter-long streaks of azure sword Qi weaved right and left as they shot out, easily breaking the black-purple light screen into pieces.

When Han Li saw this, he immediately glanced around and sighed with a tone of helplessness. Although the devilish light screen above his head was already broken, he was surrounded by the black-purple light everywhere else around him.

At that moment, the Elder Devil’s devilish light screen had spread over five kilometers in radius in a display of astonishing momentum. Han Li felt his actions slowed and the devilish light screen flashed with light, recovering from the damage that Han Li inflicted upon it.

In addition to releasing the Bluelight Shield, Han Li gave himself an additional barrier of light to protect himself and did nothing else as he was submerged by the black-purple radiance.

His gaze flickered around him and he frowned, having discovered nothing. He didn’t believe that the Elder Devil had released this giant light barrier for nothing. And as he had predicted, he suddenly sensed something and his expression turned gloomy.

Although there was nothing strange about his body, he discovered the purple-black light screen was draining his magic power through his barriers of light. Although the amount was minute, it would wear away at his strength given enough time.

In his alarm, Han Li gripped his fists and mulled over the matter before suddenly releasing dense bolts of lightning from his hand. Lightning flashed and entered his two barriers of light before rupturing.

Loud electric surges sounded out and the azure and blue barriers of light surrounding him were covered in countless fine arcs of golden lightning. The devilish light then withdrew as if scared away.

Han Li sighed with relief and his thoughts began to turn. The Sovereign Devil Corpse and his puppets then moved forward as he was escorted in the middle. The huge tortoise puppets began to condense icy Qi and produce huge translucent ice spikes from his back.

While these actions all didn’t seem like much, this had all occurred in the blink of an eye.

Blue light then flashed from Han Li’s eyes, making full use of his Brightsight Spirit Eyes, and he felt his heart thump after looking around him.

> Source: https://novelfire.net/book/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-848
> Pulled as original English (novelfire).
