# Chapter 855: Silver Flame

In the moment the spatial tear had engulfed him, Han Li was blinded by brilliant rainbow light and was forced to shut his eyes. Additionally, the sudden loss of magic power in his body had left him lightheaded and feeling extremely ill. If it wasn’t for his flood dragon transformation, he believed he would’ve already been knocked unconscious.

Han Li suddenly felt the spiritual power in his body stir once more and his magic power was suddenly restored. With delight, spiritual light glowed from his body and he regained control, stabilizing himself. At that time, the nearby rainbow light intensely flickered several more times before disappearing and revealing his surroundings.

Han Li swept his gaze around and his body instantly blurred, flying over thirty meters away. He had spotted the Elder Devil right next to him, causing him to jump away in fear.

At that moment, Han Li was aware of the current situation without any need for examination. The spatial dimension they were located in was only about a hundred meters wide and everything within was clear to see. Much to Han Li’s disappointment, there were no others present apart from him and the Elder Devil.

In the instant he moved, he suddenly discovered that the spiritual Qi in the air was incredibly dense. There were also a few spiritual herbs and medicines growing around them as well as a stone pavilion with an incomplete corridor. The walls of the spatial dimension were of impenetrable grey mist.

The space he was currently in appeared to be an abandoned medicine garden.

Han Li was shocked, but as of current, he was facing a great enemy and his life was at risk. Needless to say, now was not the time to investigate his surroundings. Azure light flowing across his body, Han Li coldly watched the Elder Devil. He clenched his hands into fists and golden lightning began to flicker across his body. At the same time, a ball of purple flames appeared above him and began to revolve around his head.

The ball of Purple Apex Flames had hurriedly rushed into the spatial tear after Han Li was engulfed, much to his relief. It would almost certainly prove to be invaluable in the coming battle.

As for the Elder Devil, his faces revealed astonishment once he finished examining his surroundings. Then with a strange expression, he chuckled and said, “I didn’t think that there would be a spatial remnant of a Spirit Ether Garden. On the verge of calamity, I encountered great fortune!” The Elder Devil wildly howled and then stopped when his head strangely turned to look at Han Li.

Han Li coldly snorted and his sleeve trembled, shooting out several tens of golden flying swords out that transformed into a blur of swords in front of him. But much to his shock, he discovered that he was missing two of his Auric Essence refined Bamboo Cloudswarm Swords. These flying swords were bound to his soul, but at the moment, he couldn’t feel their presence. It appeared that the two swords had not entered the spatial tear alongside him.

He couldn’t help but wryly laugh in his mind. It would’ve been fine if it had been any of his other magic treasures, but his Bamboo Cloudswarm Swords were a set and without those two swords, he wasn’t able to employ the Aureate Sword Formation, greatly decreasing their peak combat potential.

Helplessness filling his heart, he pointed to the swords in front of him, drawing support to protect himself from the power of the Spirit Subjugation Talisman and the Divine Devilbane Lightning.

When the Elder Devil saw Han Li readying himself, he drew back his lips and flicked his tongue with a sinister expression. Devilish Qi then surged from his body and in the blink of an eye, he had enveloped a majority of the spatial dimension with roiling devil Qi and filled it with Yin winds.

Han Li deeply sighed and summoned all of the remaining Divine Devilbane Lightning. His body glowed with golden light, releasing over a hundred arcs of golden lightning that condensed together to form several bowl-thick flood dragons. The lightning flood dragons swirled around Han Li and roared at the sky in a display of strength.

“You still have so much Divine Devilbane Lightning?” The Elder Devil blurted out with astonishment, but he soon coldly chuckled and wordlessly raised his hands. Two gusts of Yin winds suddenly flew out from his hands and fused with the devilish Qi in the air to form countless black tentacles of varying different sizes.

Although Han Li’s Divine Devilbane Lightning was able to restrain devilish Qi, it wouldn’t be able to overcome such an overwhelming amount. Han Li and the Elder Devil both realized this and Han Li’s expression turned unsightly. But what most distressed him was that his own Bloodshadow Evasion was useless within the spatial dimension, so he had no choice but to fight.

The Elder Devil harshly shouted and all of the tentacles suddenly coiled and then charged towards Han Li with overbearing pressure.

Han Li resolved himself and the golden lightning flood dragons coiling around his body roared as they met the swarm of tentacles. As for the ball of purple flame, Han Li willed it to become a wall in front of him.

As the battle erupted, the spatial dimension suddenly started trembling and loudly groaned. Glaring white light suddenly shined from the sky before soon turning silver. Han Li and the Elder Devil both paused their attacks from shock.

The clouds in the sky began to violently surge, transforming into roiling silver flames. Then with a roaring boom, a huge beam of silver light shot out from the flames at the Elder Devil’s location.

With the Elder Devil at the center, a huge pillar of silver light erupted, clearing away all of the devilish Qi it touched. Han Li then caught sight of the Elder Devil’s expression of terror before be burned away with silver flames and turning into ash.

The pillar of light then erupted and countless silver embers flooded the spatial dimension, wiping away all the devilish Qi present. As for where the Elder Devil had originally stood, all that remained were utterly destroyed magic treasures.

With all traces of the Elder Devil destroyed, the silver flames quickly withdrew and the grey mist returned to normal. Only Han Li was left, with an expression of complete and utter disbelief.

“Silver flames?! This ferocious restriction doesn’t seem to be something from the mortal realm. How surprising.” While Han Li was at a complete loss, he suddenly heard the Monarch of Soul Divergence’s voice from the back of his head.

“What do you mean? Where did those silver flames come from?’ Han Li snapped out of his stupor and his face was filled with delight. That formidable enemy had been slain without any risk to his life. He then swept his hand and recalled his golden lightning, purple flames, and flying swords.

The Monarch of Soul Divergence kept silent for a moment before sighing, “Given its power to easily eliminate the Elder Devil, it clearly wasn’t something that came from our mortal realm. Those silver flames sought out evil Qi and only targeted the Elder Devil which only leaves the cultivators from the Spirit Realm. It seems that the ancient cultivators’ eventual triumph over the Elder Devils was due to the interference of cultivators from the Spirit Realm!”

Han Li’s heart stirred when he heard this, “Senior means to say that the masters of this spatial dimension were Spirit Realm cultivators?”

With his voice filled with emotion, the Monarch of Soul Divergence said, “That’s right. This should be the ruins of one of the renowned Spirit Ether Gardens from antiquity. I heard that in times long past, vastly powerful cultivators were able to draw support from a few treasures to open up a small spatial dimension to grow spiritual medicines using spiritual Qi that far surpassed that from the mortal realm. These gardens were specialized in growing all sorts of rare spiritual herbs. However, there was some unforeseen mishap and all of the Spirit Ether Gardens disappeared without a trace and future cultivators were no longer able to find them. I didn’t think that Devilfall Valley possessed one. However, this particular Spirit Ether Garden seems to have shattered for some reason. This should only be a small portion of the original.”

“A Spirit Ether Garden! I’ve seen records of them before, but I only thought of it as a rumor. I didn’t think they truly existed.” Han Li muttered as he excitedly glanced around him.

A short time later, his gaze dropped down to the magic tools that the Elder Devil had left behind. He then pointed to them and they flew into his hands in streaks of light.

After he glanced at them, he frowned with a trace of sadness. These treasures had been corrupted by devilish Qi and were completely purged by the silver flames. Their spiritual nature was thoroughly destroyed. Even if they were further refined, they wouldn’t be able to show even a fraction of their original strength.

Han Li shook his head but casually placed the items in his storage pouch. Then, his body glowed with crimson light and he withdrew the Spirit Subjugation Talisman. The talisman quickly flew out from his body and into his hand.

Han Li examined it and muttered, “This Spirit Subjugation Talisman can only be used one more time. I’ve only been able to use it a few times.”

Afterwards, Han Li floated to the ground and his sleeve trembled. A small snow white fox flew out and flickered with white light, transforming into Silvermoon.

Silvermoon curtsied to Han Li and chuckled, saying, “I originally believed that Master would’ve summoned me to assist in the last battle. I didn’t think that you would call me now.”

“Your cultivation is too low to have been of any use in that battle. However, you are proficient in movement techniques. Help me search the area and see if there are any hidden mechanisms or restrictions.”

“As you command!” Silvermoon nodded and her body disappeared into the ground in a flash of silver light.

Han Li then sat cross-legged on the ground and closed his eyes, slowly spreading out his spiritual sense to examine every inch of the spatial dimension and see if there were any secrets contained within.

Han Li’s expression was completely calm, but after making no discoveries, he betrayed a trace of disappointment. After a moment more, his eyelids moved and he suddenly revealed an odd expression before opening his eyes.

He immediately stood up and excitedly moved to a corner of the spatial dimension where there were tensome purple berries growing from an odd plant.

> Source: https://novelfire.net/book/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-855
> Pulled as original English (novelfire).
