# Chapter 886: Indifference

The blue-robed cultivator turned pale with fright and hastily commanded his flying magic tool to shoot back in order to avoid the two Simian Vultures’ attacks. He had clearly underestimated them. As grade two demon beasts, the vultures were bound to possess some ability.

Before the two vultures fully descended, they released a piercing shriek. When the blue-robed cultivator heard this, he felt both his body and mind shaking as if he were struck by a hammer and swayed several times. Then, a wind carrying a fishy scent blew down above him and the blue-robed cultivator yelled in fear, his complexion turning completely pale.

At that moment, two muffled booms sounded out. Two fist-sized fireballs had shot out and struck the two incoming vultures. Red light shined from the explosions and raging flames enveloped them, heating up the nearby air with its blistering temperature.

The Simian Vultures’ howls came to a sudden stop.

The blue-robed cultivator was delighted at having just escaped death. He then quickly commanded the magic tool to return to him and shot forty meters away before taking out a talisman and slapping it on his body.

With a yellow light barrier appearing on his body, the blue-robed cultivator felt safer, now realizing that spell techniques were different in practice and reality. His inexperience had nearly resulted in his death.

With that thought, he couldn’t help but look downward with surprise to see Han Li, who was also wearing an azure cloak. Of course, the blue-robed cultivator knew it was he who saved his life.

The fireballs that Han Li released with his Foundation Establishment cultivation weren’t enough to slay the grade-two demon beasts. The two Simian Vultures shortly flew out of the flames with an even more grotesque appearance.

The vultures had most of their features burned away and no longer paid the blue-robed cultivator any attention as they were now flying in Han Li’s direction. As for the vulture with its claw chopped off, it was now rushing towards the blue-robed cultivator with scarlet eyes.

Han Li looked at the two huge birds and unconsciously wrinkled his brow. He then slapped one of the pouches at his waist and released two streaks of white light, each of them containing a half-foot-long snow-white centipede.

The two centipedes were far smaller than the Simian Vultures, but they appeared to buzz with excitement as if holding no fear of them.

As soon as the centipedes were summoned, they rushed to meet the vultures head on, but the vulture’s ape heads contorted in fear and hurriedly flapped their wings to stop their charge. After smelling the insects with their nostrils, they even attempted to flee in fear.

The scent of ancient exotic insects wasn’t something that low-grade demon beasts dared to approach.

However, the two centipedes possessed no intent to allow them to run free. They released a monstrous screech and opened their mouths, spitting out white glacial Qi that rushed forward with intense speed. The vultures could only let out a miserable scream before they were submerged by it.

The centipedes then flew forward in a gust of wind and entered the glacial Qi without any hesitation.

When Han Li saw this, he paid no further attention to the battle on his side and turned to look at the blue-robed cultivator.

The blue-robed cultivator was controlling the small sword as sweat drenched his body. As for the injured Simian Vulture, it was still putting up quite a fight and appeared just as vicious as when it was healthy. It was deftly running in circles around the blue-robed cultivator in a brown blur, incessantly cawing, and would occasionally attack at the light barrier with its single claw. The constant attacks on the light barrier left the blue-robed cultivator distraught and incapable of wholeheartedly focusing on the battle.

Although the flying sword was powerful, its master was far too unaccustomed to using it. He was able to injure the vulture initially when he caught it off guard, but he now could barely keep track of it. As for his other talismans, they were beyond the abilities of the blue-robed cultivator. It was already difficult to control the sword magic tool; it would be impossible to further divide his attention. If nothing else happened, he would soon suffer defeat and perish.

A cold glint flickered in Han Li’s eyes as he saw the Simian Vulture turning several times in the air. Just as he pondered whether or not he should help, the vulture sensed something and let out a caw before stopping to chase the blue-robed cultivator. It then unfolded its wings and traveled over forty meters away in an instant.

This scene came as a surprise to both the blue-robed cultivator and Han Li, but Han Li simply snorted. He unceremoniously raised his hands and a red thread shot out. The vulture’s figure suddenly stopped in the air before smashing into the ground, motionless.

Although he had only entered the Endless Sky Plains recently, Han Li had heard of the extreme grudges the Simian Vultures could hold. As he didn’t wish for any problems to occur in the future, he decided it would be best to cut the problem short while he could.

Han Li’s sudden attack came as a surprise to the blue-robed cultivator and he shouted out in alarm, “A flying needle! You use flying needle magic tools!”

Han Li glanced at the blue-robed cultivator and calmly asked, “What? Is there anything strange about that?”

He waved his hand towards the vulture’s corpse and a red streak shot back into his hand. It was an inch-long sparkling silver needle that glowed with red light.

“Of course not, it’s only...” Before the blue-robed cultivator could continue his explanation, he was interrupted with two muffled thuds. Two sparkling white blocks of ice fell to the ground and left meter deep holes where they landed. Inside these ice blocks were both of the Simian Vultures, wide-eyed and obviously dead.

As the blue-robed cultivator stared in shock, a white light flashed from the blocks of ice and two streaks of light flew out, circling around Han Li before landing on his shoulder.

The blue-robed cultivator dryly swallowed and asked, “Your esteemed self cultivates spirit insects?”

Han Li stroked one of the centipedes on his shoulder and said, “That’s right. I am the one who nurtured these two Glacial Snow Centipedes.”

Glacial Snow Centipedes weren’t something that Han Li fabricated. They were a true exotic insect and after maturity, they appeared similar to the current form of the Six-winged Frost Centipedes. If one wasn’t experienced with exotic insects, they wouldn’t be able to tell the difference.

Much to Han Li’s surprise, the blue-robed cultivator eagerly said, “Would Fellow Daoist be willing to part with the flying needle and the spirit insects? I will purchase them at a great cost.”

Han Li was taken aback for a moment and then smiled, saying, “Is Fellow Daoist joking? These insects have already recognized me as their master and you might not be able to afford my price for the flying needle.”

“Spirit stones are no matter. I will accept any price you state!” The blue-robed cultivator spoke in an overbearing tone without thinking the matter through. His heart was stirred from the sight of the needle slaying the Simian Vulture in an instant.

When Han Li heard this, he narrowed his eyes. After examining the blue-robed cultivator for a long while, his expression grew sullen and he coldly said, “Apologies, but this needle is very convenient for me to use. For the time being, I cannot sell it.”

“Since you are unwilling then so be it. If I also had such an incisive magic tool, I might not be willing to sell it either,” the blue-robed cultivator responded with disappointment, then with a flicker of his eyes, he asked with a calm tone, “My name is Feng Yue, and I have yet to properly thank you for saving my life. Might I ask for your esteemed name?”

“My surnamed is Han! How about we put everyone in order first?” Han Li indifferently said.

“In order?” The blue-robed cultivator was stunned for a moment before glancing around. At an unknown time, the mortals had come out of hiding and were standing up. However, all of them were crowding thirty meters away from the cultivators with expressions of reverence.

The leaders from both the tribes were the only ones standing close to them. They appeared somewhat excited, but Ying Lu appeared particularly happy.

Ying Lu had clearly saw the three Simian Vultures were slain entirely by Immortal Han, who he had hired along the way. This immortal’s grand abilities were found beyond what he had expected, much to his delight. It seemed that he alone would be enough to keep them safe on the journey.

Han Li called out to the tribe leaders and commanded, “Deal with the demon beasts. Bring me their claws and tail feathers. As for the rest, you may use them as you wish.”

According to the rules of the plains, the slayer of the demon beast had a claim over all of its parts. Although these materials were meager and of lesser quality, they were naturally valuable to a Foundation Establishment cultivator and Han Li couldn’t ignore them under his current identity.

“Yes! We will follow your orders.” Ying Lu said with delight. The flesh of the Simian Vulture might be worth nothing to an Immortal, but they were very valuable in the eyes of mortals and could be traded for many things.

Tribe Leader Ba also acknowledged the order with a respectful tone. Then, the two let out a series of yells and the burly youths of the tribes walked out to deal with the corpses of the vultures. The one slain by the flying needle was easy to prepare, but the frozen vultures needed to first be shattered.

“If Immortal Feng is unharmed, then how about you return to your carriage and rest? I feel somewhat tired as well and will be heading back first.” Han Li spoke to the blue-robed cultivator with an indifferent tone and then walked back towards his carriage without waiting for a response.

Han Li’s indifferent attitude left the blue-robed cultivator at a loss. He had originally planned on making friends with him after seeing his incisive magic tool and spirit insects, but Han Li had unexpectedly cut him short and departed, leaving him in an awkward position.

From the kindness of having been saved by Han Li and the strength he revealed as well, the blue-robed cultivator couldn’t retort. After a long while, he could only sigh and resentfully return to his carriage.

Unbeknownst to the blue-robed cultivator, Han Li was sitting cross-legged in the carriage, silently looking at him as he departed.

“Master! That person has quite a bit of backing. Why has Master separated himself from him?” Silvermoon’s baffled voice appeared in his mind.

After resting for a time, Silvermoon had finally recovered enough strength to speak without effort.

> Source: https://novelfire.net/book/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-886
> Pulled as original English (novelfire).
