# Chapter 888: Agony Poison

Silvermoon didn’t raise any objections to his words. Then, Han Li closed his eyes and continued to sit in silence.

A while later, Han Li let out a yelp and shock appeared on his face. This time, Silvermoon tactfully remained silent as Han Li tightly frowned before having sudden changes of expression.

“Senior Soul Divergence, if I remembered correctly, you said there were many techniques to dissolve my baleful Qi. Is it true that most of these techniques are Buddhist?”

“That is true,” Monarch Soul Divergence lazily replied, “Confucians and Daoists also have many of their own techniques to dissolve baleful Qi, but none are as effective as Buddhist techniques.”

As Han Li’s expression wavered, he said, “Then is it true that the most obvious property of Buddhist techniques is that a majority of them release a seven-colored light when they are activated?”

“That is right. Why? Have you discovered something?” Monarch Soul Divergence asked with a curious tone.

Han Li lowered his head and muttered, “In that case, this person might be useful. This could be an opportunity.”

Monarch Soul Divergence grew somewhat annoyed that Han Li wouldn’t answer his question. Just as he thought to ask more about it, Han Li resolved himself and set forth, riding a magic tool out of his cave in an azure streak.

This action came as a surprise to Silvermoon and Monarch Soul Divergence. But after seeing Han Li act with such haste, they could only save their questions for later.

Han Li quickly arrived at a small forest rarely seen in the Endless Sky Plains. It spanned about half a kilometer and was made of sparse and short trees. At the center of the forest, there was a patch of empty land that spanned about thirty meters wide where the two previous cultivators resided.

The blue-robed cultivator was lying facedown on the ground. He was motionless and had a black bloodstain on his back. While it was unknown whether he was still alive, a gorgeous seven-colored light covered his body. There was also other person nearby, a purple-robed old man with eagle-shaped eyes. He was striking at the light barrier with a fire-red flying sword.

Although the seven-colored light barrier was unordinary, it had already begun to wildly shake and flash with light as it had no master controlling it.

Han Li didn’t conceal his sudden approach, alerting the purple-robed old man below.

In the old man’s shock, he swept his spiritual sense past Han Li and relaxed after finding that he was only a Foundation Establishment cultivator. The old man then surged with killing intent and raised his hand, launching a remarkable fast black streak at Han Li. It was a tri-pointed stake wrapped in black Qi.

Han Li coldly snorted and stroked the top of his head. Then, a black-green cloud flew out from it and transformed into a meter-long hand, swiping at the approaching black streak.

The purple-robed old man was shocked when he saw this. Before he realized what was happening, the tri-pointed stake was caught with ease and in an instant, he felt his connection severed. Then, the giant hand began to fly downwards.

In the old man’s shock, he flusteredly formed incantation gestures, ordering the red flying sword to protect him. But suddenly, the black-green hand disappeared and a second later, it reappeared three meters above him as a fist and fiercely smashed down upon him.

“Ah!” The purple-robed old man let out a miserable scream before he was pounded into a bloody mush.

Afterwards, the black-green fist unfolded back into a hand and swiped across the old man’s remains, taking an egg-sized ball of green light.

The hand then immediately shot back in Han Li’s direction and circled once around him before transforming back into a Nascent Soul. The Nascent Soul sat down on Han Li’s shoulder with a beaming smile and held the tri-pointed stake in one hand and a small ball of green light in the other.

Han Li’s expression stirred at the sight of this.

While he was besieged by the Soaring Tribes cultivators, he didn’t use his second Nascent Soul even once, keeping it in reserve for a critical opportunity to escape. However, it now proved far stronger than he had anticipated. A simple transformation technique was capable of easily slaying a Core Formation cultivator without the slightest resistance.

With that thought, he began to float down and approached the rainbow light barrier.

At that moment, the red flying sword had fallen to the ground as its master had now perished. It simply shined with faint light as it laid motionless.

Han Li didn’t pay the sword any attention and walked right towards the seven-light barrier before closely examining it. He was able to clearly see the light barrier had originated from the blue jade pendant floating at the center of the barrier.

The jade pendant floated a meter above the blue-robed cultivator’s body and it glowed with seven-colored light. A few strange Buddhist characters would occasionally appear in the light. It was the jade pendant Han Li showed to Silvermoon and was inscribed with the words: “Feng of Ning”.

Han Li stared at the jade pendant for a moment before slowly asking, “How is it, Senior? Is this magic tool refined by a Buddhist Sect?”

Monarch Soul Divergence coldly snorted and indifferently said, “The materials and magic tool are clearly of Buddhist make. However, it was clearly refined by a high-grade Buddhist cultivator. This magic tool wouldn’t have been able to block the attacks of a Core Formation level magic treasure for such a long period of time if that weren’t the case. It seems there is a relationship between a Buddhist sect and the Feng Clan.”

Han Li rejoiced after hearing Monarch Soul Divergence’s explanation, knowing his actions hadn’t been in vain. He then stepped forward and pressed his hand against the barrier, covering it in a faint layer of blue flames.

With his current cultivation, he wasn’t able to control a large amount of the Celestial Ice Flames and these meager amount of flames were already pushing his limit. But this proved more than enough as the seven-colored light barrier wasn’t able to withstand its frigid cold for long. Soon after, the light barrier collapsed with a bang.

Han Li approached the blue-robed cultivator and examined the black bloodstain on his back before frowning.

He sensed the blue-robed cultivator’s aura had become incredibly unstable and weak. His body already started to emit the scent of death and it was clear his life wouldn’t last much longer.

Without any hesitation, Han Li struck the blue-robed cultivator’s body with a magic seal and opened his mouth to spit out a cloud of azure Qi that enveloped the blue-robed cultivator. Then with a wave of his sleeve, the youth’s body flipped onto its back.

Han Li stared at the blue-robed cultivator and immediately felt his blood run cold.

It was truly Feng Yue, but his complexion was now totally black and his lips had turned a faint purple. It was a horrid sight to behold.

Han Li grimaced. After a moment of thought, he spread his spiritual sense throughout Feng Yue’s body and blue light flickered from his eyes.

The poison had already spread throughout his body and he should already be dead by all means. Given how odd this was, Han Li carefully continued his examination.

A short moment later, Han Li found something and tugged at Feng Yue’s collar. With a zap, a piece of his robes tore off, revealing a chain held onto a silver key.

The key pulsed with white light and continuously dispersed of the poison at the center of Feng Yue’s chest, which had also turned jet-black.

Han Li’s gaze wandered and he grabbed onto Feng Yue’s arm. Azure light then glowed from his palm and quickly spread through Feng Yue’s body, slowly dispelling the poison. But suddenly, the azure spiritual Qi that Han Li released was turning black and it began to quickly spread back to his hand.

“Agony Poison!” Han Li yelled and his complexion paled. He immediately withdrew his hand and severed his spiritual Qi connection to Feng Yue’s arm.

“Yi! One of the Ten Absolute Poisons? Youngster Han, you’ve wasted your energy. There is no way of saving this person now.” Monarch Soul Divergence chuckled and spoke with a tone of schadenfreude.

When Han Li heard this, he couldn’t help but roll his eyes and annoyedly snort. “It might be impossible for me to completely remove the poison, but it won’t be difficult for me to awaken him and keep him alive for ten days. I merely need to use a good number of spirit medicines, but I don’t know if it will be worth the cost.”

With that said, Han Li stood up and wore a pensive expression.

Silvermoon then suggested, “Master, how about you awaken him first and have him make a few things clear before you come to a decision?”

“That’s true. Until I know about his relationship to the Buddhist sects of the Great Jin, I am unwilling to take any further actions.” Soon after, Han Li slapped his storage pouch and produced a small white bottle into his hand.

> Source: https://novelfire.net/book/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-888
> Pulled as original English (novelfire).
