# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2119

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

The huge flower vanished into thin air in a flash, and in the next instant, spatial fluctuation erupted as the flower reappeared before flying into the spatial rift that He Yan had just disappeared into.

A resounding boom rang out, and a vast expanse of pink light erupted out of the spatial rift, forcing He Yan to stumble out of it.

The pink light was propelling her out of the spatial rift, and she was spinning uncontrollably within it.

After a few more flashes, the spatial rift was also destroyed by the pink light.

The pink flower didn't appear to be all that remarkable, but it possessed the power to destroy space itself!

He Yan let loose a cry of alarm as she lashed out with her cane like lightning, creating four giant cane projections around herself. These projections then transformed into four bursts of fierce yellow winds, which blew the pink light apart and finally allowed her to steady herself again.

At this moment, He Yan was appraising Bao Hua with a furious expression that was intermingled with a hint of fear. Within this Profound Heavenly Spirit Domain, she was completely unable to draw upon the world's origin Qi from the outside world, which meant that she would only be able to rely on her own magic power here.

As a Grand Ascension Stage being, this was a severe handicap that reduced her powers by as much as 70% to 80%. It was no wonder that even Tian Qi, who was far more powerful than she was, had immediately fled the scene after identifying the ability that Bao Hua had unleashed.

With that in mind, He Yan hurriedly cast her gaze toward Tian Qi to find that he had also been stopped in his tracks by countless giant flower projections near the edge of the pink world around them.

The crimson streak of light that he had transformed into was tearing through one flower projection after another, but there seemed to be no end to them as more and more projections arose to take their place.

After just a few flashes, the streak of crimson light had torn through over 10 layers of flower projections, yet just as he was about to escape from this floral realm, Bao Hua suddenly made a hand seal with a faint smile on her face.

Brilliant light immediately radiated from the pink floral tree that she was carrying with her other hand, and countless pink runes surged out of it in a frenzy before revolving around her body.

He Yan felt her surroundings blur around her, following which she suddenly found herself in another part of the floral realm.

"Greater Teleportation Technique!" He Yan exclaimed as she hurriedly cast her gaze toward Tian Qi again.

On this occasion, as opposed to being at the edge of the floral, he was over 300 feet away from its border and had been surrounded by countless floral projections again.

Just as He Yan was hesitating about whether she should lend him her assistance, countless pink floral projections also appeared around her.

Her face paled slightly upon seeing this, but she then gritted her teeth and immediately tossed her cane forward, upon which it transformed into a white crane that was around 10 feet in size with a pair of shimmering golden eyes.

The crane flapped its wings, and countless blades of wind swept forth in all directions.

At the same time, He Yan made a hand seal before laying a hand onto the top of her own head to release a burst of yellow Qi.

The yellow Qi surged forth, then transformed into a pavilion-sized ghostly face amid a shrill shriek.

Half of the ghostly face belonged to an exquisite beauty, while the other half belonged to a menacing monster, and it immediately opened its mouth to expel a gust of devilish wind.

As soon as the devilish wind emerged, the nearby space was instantly plunged into a vast expanse of murky greyness, which seemed to be threatening to create an independent world of its own within this floral realm.

Meanwhile, Tian Qi had already realized that it would be futile to continue to try and escape out of this floral realm, so he stopped and conjured up a crimson devilish lion projection that was over 1,000 feet tall. Crimson Qi surged out of the projection's body in a frenzy, forming a vast sea of crimson mist that swept toward the surrounding floral projections.

The two devils seemed to be trying to take over this floral realm!

Bao Hua's brows furrowed slightly upon seeing this, and she gently shook the floral tree in her hand, upon which over 100 giant pink flowers drifted down from the tree's branches in unison.

"Go!" Bao Hua instructed as she swept a sleeve through the air, and the pink flowers flew high up into the air before transforming into balls of devilish flames, which combined as one to create a sea of pink fire.

Initially, the sea of fire was only around an acre in size, but all of the floral projections that it came into contact with also transformed into pink devilish flames, thereby allowing the sea of fire to expand at an alarming rate.

Within the span of just a few breaths, the entire floral realm had been transformed into a sea of devilish flames, which was sweeping toward He Yan and Tian Qi with devastating might at Bao Hua's behest.

Both Tian Qi and He Yan's expressions changed drastically upon seeing this, and they exchanged a glance before they each produced a crimson pill that they instantly consumed.

As a result, their auras immediately swelled drastically.

In this floral realm, the two of them were completely unable to draw upon the world's origin Qi, so they could only take these pills to stimulate their latent potential in order to oppose the pink devilish flames.

Moments later, the two of them had been completely inundated by the sea of pink flames.

At this point, the pink floral tree's branches had become completely bare, and it had shrunk by as much as 20%.

All of a sudden, Bao Hua's incantations drew to an abrupt halt, and an unnatural flush appeared on her face.

Her expression darkened slightly, and she also produced a white pill before consuming it with a wry smile.

After that, she sat down with her legs crossed and wound her arms around the floral tree. Layers of translucent light appeared around her as she closed her eyes to focus on controlling the treasure.

She was well aware of how powerful Tian Qi and He Yan were, and she knew that even though they had been deprived of access to the world's origin Qi, it would still be very difficult to refine them with these devilish flames.

Thus, time slowly passed by, and several days flew by in the blink of an eye.

On the seventh day, the floral realm suddenly began to tremor in an unsteady manner.

Immediately thereafter, a ball of black flames and a streak of crimson light shot forth out of the floral realm, then fled into the distance at an incredible speed.

Within the black fireball was a female Nascent Soul that was several inches tall, and it shrieked in a furious voice, "You haven't even recovered to the Grand Ascension Stage yet, you filthy wretch! The next time we meet will be the day that you die!"

After just a few flashes, the ball of flames and streak of crimson light had completely vanished into the distance.

Bao Hua heaved a long sigh as she reopened her eyes in a forlorn manner.

The surging devilish flames within the floral realm began to recede, reverting back into around a dozen giant pink flowers in the blink of an eye, all of which reattached themselves to the branches of the floral tree.

Almost at the exact same moment, the entire Profound Heavenly Spirit Domain crumbled away and disintegrated into specks of spiritual light.

The floral tree in Bao Hua's hand also instantly shrank down into a ball of pink light that she immediately swallowed.

"I was so close! Their bodies have already been refined to ashes, but with their abilities, it would only take several centuries for them to recover to their former powers; looks like I may have to run into them a few more times in the future," Bao Hua murmured to herself as she rose to her feet, but as she did so, an unnatural flush flashed over her face, and she almost stumbled back down into a seated position again.

She hurriedly swept her spiritual sense into her own body, upon which her expression darkened significantly.

"My injuries have deteriorated even further as a result of this battle. Even with that spirit medicine at my disposal, I won't be able to fully recover without at least two or three centuries. It's a pity that I've only achieved an elementary level of mastery of the Profound Heavenly Spirit Domain. Otherwise, if I had been able to kill those two, it would've been worth aggravating my injuries again. Looks like I'll have to return to the Spirit Realm and immediately go into seclusion," Bao Hua sighed in a resigned manner before sweeping a sleeve through the air to release a burst of pink light, following which she abruptly vanished on the spot.

......

At the pinnacle of a small grey mountain, Han Li stood with his hands clasped behind his back, casting his gaze into the distance.

There was a huge lake that stretched as far as the eyes could see several kilometers away.

The lake was extremely blue, and there were some small white fish swimming through the water.

"As expected of the vastly renowned Blue Waterfall Lake; it is indeed very different from all of the other lakes in the Elder Devil Realm," Han Li murmured to himself as he finally withdrew his gaze.

Standing behind him were Daoist Xie and Zhu Guo'er, the latter of whom was completely convinced of Han Li's identity at this point after witnessing him in battle against a number of high-grade devilish beings.

She was clearly far more energetic than she had been when she had first been purchased by Han Li as a slave, and she couldn't help but ask, "Senior Han, is it really a good idea to come here? Isn't there supposed to be a Sacred Ancestor situated in this Blue Waterfall Lake?"

"Indeed, that Sacred Ancestor Lan Pu has been able to claim the Blue Waterfall Lake for himself for so many years, so he must be quite a formidable being. However, I'm determined to get my hands on more pieces of Bloodtooth Rice, so I'm willing to take this risk. Besides, according to my knowledge, Sacred Ancestor Lan Pu has already been in seclusion for many years, and on the surface, the Blue Waterfall Lake is only being guarded by one of his clones and two disciples of his, so he may not be present in the lake," Han Li replied with a smile.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2119
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
