# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2129

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"Looks like we've been chatting for too long and Sister Lan has grown impatient. By the way, why did you come to the Vast Origin House today? Did you encounter some type of insurmountable problem?" Violet Spirit asked in a concerned manner.

"Not at all, my main objective for coming here has already been completed; I simply asked Fairy Lan something in passing," Han Li replied in a nonchalant voice.

"In that case, I'll deactivate the restrictions so you can speak with her," Violet Spirit replied with a relieved nod.

Han Li naturally had no objections to this, and Violet Spirit summoned the restriction badge again before waving it through the air.

The light barrier around them instantly disintegrated, and the smiling Lan Ying soon emerged from the fifth floor with the devilish woman.

After that, Han Li revealed some of the special characteristics of the mysterious green Qi within his body to Lan Ying.

As expected of the Vast Origin House Master, even though Lan Ying's cultivation base wasn't all that outstanding, she had an extraordinary wealth of knowledge and experience and was quickly able to identify what the green Qi was based on the characteristics described.

"You're saying this is the Baleful Yin Qi imbued within Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light?" Han Li almost jumped out of his seat upon hearing Lan Ying's answer.

"Looks like you've heard of the Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light as well, Brother Han. I can't say for absolute certain, but I'm fairly confident that's what it is. It's said that any cultivation art or ability can be fused with Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light, and it's even known as the mother of all arts. However, if this true light were to remain deep within a profound yin region for too long, then there's a chance that it would transform into this Baleful Yin Qi. Apparently, there was once a devilish patriarch who possessed Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light in ancient times."

"After fusing his devilish arts with this true light, his powers were enhanced so significantly that even the other two patriarchs combined were no match for him, and he almost ruled over the entire Elder Devil Realm. However, he disappeared under mysterious circumstances during a trip to an alternate realm. Otherwise, the Elder Devil Realm could be completely different from how it currently is," Lan Ying said.

"I've seen some records of this in an ancient devilish tome that I've read. However, the main reason that that devilish patriarch was able to almost conquer the entire Elder Devil Realm was due to the devilish arts he was cultivating at the time. It was known as the number one devilish art in all of the Elder Devil Realm, and countless people have cultivated it, but no one has been able to cultivate it to the extent that that patriarch had. In addition to the Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light, it's no wonder that he was completely invincible at the time.

"How did you manage to come into contact with this Baleful Yin Qi, Brother Han? Have you already encountered Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light? I've heard that this light has no set form; it could be a rock, or a piece of wood, or anything you can imagine," Violet Spirit said.

"I haven't encountered Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light at all; this Baleful Yin Qi is something that entered my body from a piece of ore I obtained, and I've been unable to get rid of it ever since," Han Li said with a wry smile, but his heart was filled with turbulent emotions.

Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light was an ability that one of the five extreme mountains was supposed to possess. However, that true light had disappeared from the Spirit Realm long ago, so this extreme mountain was the one that he was least confident in tracking down; never did he think that he would find leads related to it in the Elder Devil Realm!

Even though he was still far away from actually tracking down the Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light, it instilled him with a hint of hope where there previously hadn't been any.

It seemed that he would have to stay in the Elder Devil Realm for a while longer.

"It makes sense that you obtained it from a piece of ore; even though Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light hasn't been sighted in the Elder Devil Realm for many years, there are occasionally pieces of ore discovered that contain Baleful Yin Qi. However, the powers who have discovered such pieces of ore have all dug deeper at the original site, but haven't been able to find anything. It's speculated that there had once been Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light situated in the underground area nearby, but due to some unknown reason, it seems to have shifted to a different location; the piece of ore you obtained most likely stems from one of those regions, Brother Han," Lan Ying replied with a contemplative look in her eyes.

"Is there any harm to having this thing in one's body for a long time, and is there a way to eradicate it?" Violet Spirit hurriedly asked.

"For some individuals who are using special cultivation arts in our Elder Devil Realm, this Baleful Yin Qi is extremely valuable. However, seeing as Fellow Daoist Han is a human cultivator, this Baleful Yin Qi will only prove to be detrimental to him and could slowly cause his meridians to atrophy. However, there's no need to be too concerned; there have been others in the past who have also been afflicted by the same issue, so a refinement mantra was invented that could allow one to directly refine this Baleful Yin Qi," Lan Ying replied in a confident manner.

Violet Spirit's expression eased slightly upon hearing this, and she asked with a smile, "Your Vast Origin House has always been collecting all types of cultivation arts and secret techniques, so I'm sure you have a copy of this mantra, right?"

"I don't actually possess this mantra. It's extremely specific, so very few people will be able to use it. As such, our Vast Origin House didn't bother to try and obtain it. However, I do know who has the mantra, but if you'd like to obtain it..." A hesitant look appeared on Lan Ying's face, and her voice trailed off here.

"Is the mantra very difficult to obtain?" Han Li asked.

"Truth be told, the mantra is currently in the possession of a late-Body Integration cultivator. His personality is extremely erratic, and his powers are superior even to Aunt Zhu. Our Vast Origin House has dealt with him on several occasions, and we can get into contact with him, but I can't guarantee whether we'll be able to obtain the mantra from him," Lan Ying replied.

"That's alright, as long as you can get into contact with him, I'll pay him any price he asks for; I'm sure he wouldn't miss out on such an opportunity just to hold onto a useless mantra," Han Li said with a smile.

"In that case, I'll get into contact with him and give you a response," Lan Ying replied with a nod.

Violet Spirit also heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing this.

"Brother Han, shouldn't you be offering me some compensation for resolving such a major problem for you?" Lan Ying asked with a smile.

"Of course, how many devil stones would you like?" Han Li replied with a smile.

"Forget it, seeing as you're an acquaintance of Sister Violet's, I'll waive the fee required on this occasion," Lan Ying said.

Han Li was rather taken aback to hear this, but after considering the situation for a moment, he nodded with a smile, and said, "In that case, I'll accept your kind offer."

"You're agreeing just like that?" Lan Ying's eyes widened upon hearing this.

"Why wouldn't I agree to something like this? Is there something else you have to tell me?" Han Li asked with a hint of a smile.

"I didn't even get a 'thank you' from you; why does it feel like I didn't even do you a favor at all?" Lan Ying grumbled as she pouted with displeasure.

Han Li merely smiled in response and remained silent.

An amused smile appeared on Violet Spirit's face upon hearing this, and she interjected, "Let's skip all these silly games and lay everything out in the open; you want to take this opportunity to recruit a powerful ally for your Vast Origin House, right, Sister Lan? Brother Han, Sister Lan really is like a sister to me; if possible, please lend her your assistance in the future when required."

"As long as it's within my capabilities, I'd naturally be willing to lend Fairy Lan my assistance, but let me make this clear: I don't want to anything to do with the Vast Origin House; I'm only willing to offer my assistance to you, Fellow Daoist Lan," Han Li said as a serious look appeared on his face.

Lan Ying was ecstatic to hear this. "You have my thanks, Brother Han."

"Also, I won't be staying in the Elder Devil Realm for much longer, and once I return to the Spirit Realm, it won't be that easy for me to come back," Han Li cautioned.

"Have you forgotten that our Vast Origin House spans several realms? For a normal Body Integration Stage being, it would be virtually impossible to travel between realms, but that's not an issue for us," Lan Ying replied with a smile, and Han Li was rather surprised to hear this.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2129
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
