# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2135

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Right at this moment, the giant beast let loose another furious roar, and it swept its pair of massive hands upward in a vicious manner.

The pair of huge hands blurred as they flashed through the air, sending a series of white shockwaves hurtling directly toward Han Li.

Han Li merely flipped a hand over as he remained on the spot, and a small black mountain appeared in front of him amid a flash of grey light.

The mountain was several tens of feet in size, and it was none other than the Extreme Essencefused Mountain!

The white shockwaves struck the mountain amid a string of resounding booms, but the small black mountain remained completely resolute and immovable.

Meanwhile, the Leopard Kirin Beast sprang forward, splitting up into around a dozen identical projections that pounced viciously toward the Magnetic Light Beast.

The projections appeared all around the giant beast before sweeping their paws through the air, sending countless claw projections crashing into the massive beast's body.

Countless balls of golden light exploded all over the giant beast's body, and some of the rocks embedded into its skin were knocked loose, but the beast itself remained completely unscathed.

However, it had been infuriated by the Leopard Kirin Beast's provocative attacks, and it instantly shifted its attention to the projections around it.

All of a sudden, a dozen or so pillars of five-colored light erupted out of its compound eyes before enveloping the surrounding golden beast projections within them in a flash.

All of the Leopard Kirin Beast projections were completely immobilized by the pillars of five-colored light, and they weren't even able to bat an eyelid.

In the next instant, a vicious look appeared on the giant beast's face, and the pillars of five-colored light rotated on the spot, upon which the Leopard Kirin Beast projections within them were instantly sliced into countless pieces as if they were being attacked by countless sharp blades.

However, all of the projections merely vanished without even a single drop of blood being shed, clearly indicating that none of them were the Leopard Kirin Beast's true body.

The Magnetic Light Beast had clearly also realized this, and its fury became further exacerbated as the five-colored pillars of light erupting out of its compound eyes became thicker before sweeping violently through the surrounding space.

All of a sudden, one of the pillars of light faltered, and the Leopard Kirin Beast was forced to stumble out of thin air.

The giant beast was ecstatic to see this, and it immediately focused all of the pillars of light onto the Leopard Kirin Beast.

The pillars of light combined as one to form an extremely thick pillar of light that hurtled directly toward the Leopard Kirin Beast.

The Leopard Kirin Beast was very alarmed by this, and it attempted to flee the scene, but the space around it had become as hard as iron and steel, rendering it unable to escape in a short time.

The thick pillar of light was about to envelop its body, and it began to panic as it hurriedly cried for help.

In this critical juncture, Han Li's voice rang out from up above.

"Hmph, so now you know to be scared? Even I was caught off guard and almost wounded by this thing; you're still no match for it at this point."

As soon as his voice trailed off, a golden sword projection that was over 1,000 feet in length swept through the air to slice through the golden pillar of light down the middle.

The Leopard Kirin Beast was instantly freed, and it immediately sprang toward Han Li as a golden shadow.

After just a few flashes, it appeared beside Han Li with a dejected look on its face.

Han Li was holding the huge golden sword in one hand and the green stone in the other, and he gave the pitiable Leopard Kirin Beast a reassuring smile. However, before he could say anything, the Magnetic Light Beast suddenly flew into a thunderous rage.

Around a dozen more pillars of five-colored light erupted out of its compound eyes, and the rocks all over its body also came crashing down toward Han Li like a meteor shower.

These were downright diminutive compared to the Magnetic Light Beast's enormous frame, but even the smallest ones were as large as human heads, and the largest ones were the sizes of houses, so this was a very formidable storm.

However, Han Li's expression remained completely unchanged upon seeing this, and he quickly stowed the giant golden sword away before pointing a finger at the small black mountain before him in an unhurried manner.

All of a sudden, several silver runes flashed on the surface of the mountain, and it swelled to several thousand feet in size, shielding both Han Li and the Leopard Kirin Beast behind it.

The five-colored pillars of light and storm of rocks were all kept at bay by the grey light being released by the black mountain, and Han Li took a deep breath before opening his mouth to release a ball of azure Qi, which vanished into the mountain in a flash.

In the next instant, a loud buzzing sound rang out from the entire mountain, and waves of grey light began to surge out of it in a frenzy, forming a giant halo with a diameter of around 500 meters. The halo was extremely dense and descended like a substantial object.

It did so in a completely silent manner, but the aura it was releasing was extremely fearsome, and all of the air around it was being rapidly dispersed.

Even the sky in a radius of five kilometers had dimmed as a result.

The Extreme Essencefused Mountain hadn't become fundamentally different, but as Han Li's cultivation base had become more and more powerful, the mountain itself had also become more formidable.

The Magnetic Light Beast hurriedly attacked the giant halo with its compound eyes and the rocks on its body, all to no avail, and a hint of fear finally appeared in its eyes.

It seemed to be aware that it was in a dire situation, and it suddenly let loose a loud roar before slumping down onto the ground.

Immediately thereafter, five-colored light swirled over its body, and it suddenly began to turn transparent, as if it were transforming into a translucent crystal.

At the very center of the crystal was a massive ball of green light, within which was a green rock that was very similar to the one in Han Li's hand, except this one was many times larger and a lot lighter in color.

"Is it about to make a final struggle? This would be a good opportunity to see which one is more powerful among the legendary Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light and my Divine Essencefused Light!" Han Li murmured to himself as an excited gleam appeared in his eyes.

After that, more grey light erupted out of the black mountain at his behest, and the grey halo expanded drastically once again to encompass virtually the entire sky.

Right as the massive halo was about to descend upon the Magnetic Light Beast, the giant beast curled up into a ball, and a ball of piercing five-colored light erupted out of the green stone within its body.

Through the giant beast's translucent body, the light was magnified by over a hundredfold, forming a dazzling disk of light that was no smaller than the grey halo, and it rose up into the air amid a sharp screeching sound.

In the next instant, an earth-shattering boom rang out as the two gargantuan objects clashed, sending shockwaves sweeping forth in all directions.

At the same time, countless grey threads erupted into the air amidst the shockwaves, and the halo and disk both vanished in a flash.

Han Li was quite stunned to see this as the Magnetic Light Beast was only at the mid-Body Integration Stage, yet the attack manifested by its Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light was able to match the power of his Divine Essencefused Light.

This meant that even if the Five Elemental Yin Yang True Light's ability to fuse with all cultivation arts and abilities were to be discounted, it would still be more powerful than Divine Essencefused Light as a pure weapon alone.

It was no wonder that the refinement method of the Integrated Five Extremes Mountain stated that the Five Elemental Yin Yang Extreme Mountain would be the most difficult one to refine.

With that in mind, Han Li was even more determined to slay this beast, and he immediately made a hand seal, upon which he transformed into a giant golden ape that was over 1,000 feet tall amid a flash of golden light.

He then made a grabbing motion, and the black mountain before him quickly shrank down to just over 100 feet in size before being drawn into his furry grasp.

He then let loose a thunderous roar, and the Provenance True Devil Projection also appeared behind him.

The projection's three identical faces were completely expressionless, and an inky-black demonic eye appeared on each of its glabellas before slowly opening and scrutinizing the giant beast down below.

All of a sudden, three thin black threads shot forth in unison out of the demonic eyes, then instantly transformed into pillars of black light that were as thick as human arms before vanishing in a flash.

Almost at the exact same moment, Han Li hurled the black mountain viciously downward, and it also disappeared amid an explosive boom.

In the next instant, spatial fluctuations erupted in the air several tens of feet above the Magnetic Light Beast, and the three pillars of black light erupted forth in unison. The small black mountain also abruptly emerged in another direction before hurtling toward the beast as a ball of black light.

The Magnetic Light Beast was naturally very alarmed by this, and it curled up into a ball again as the green stone within its body lit up with even greater radiance.

From a distance, it looked as if a scintillating five-colored sun were slowly rising up from within its body!

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2135
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
