# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2173

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

The six balls of golden light struck the elderly man's protective spiritual Qi like lightning, and all six balls of light exploded into golden shockwaves that swept over the elderly man's body.

His protective spiritual light possessed defensive power equivalent to that of top-grade treasures, but it was still instantly destroyed. The elderly man gritted his teeth before biting off half of his own tongue, then expelled a ball of blood essence backward to form a crimson shield.

The golden light struck the crimson shield with devastating force, and the shield only managed to stop it momentarily before part of the golden light forced its way through and rammed into the elderly man's body.

The elderly man felt a burst of enormous force crash into his back, and he was forced to stumble forward a few steps and throw up several mouthfuls of reddish-black blood as his consciousness threatened to fade.

Right at this moment, Han Li suddenly stepped forward, and his giant ape body blurred before appearing right in front of the elderly man, following which he extended a golden hand forward like lightning.

The elderly man was greatly alarmed by this, and he immediately tried to evade, but it was already too late.

The fingers of the golden hand split apart before plunging through the elderly man's chest, emerging on the other side with a heart locked in its grasp.

Silver flames then erupted along the entire arm, incinerating the elderly man's body and heart into ashes; even his Nascent Soul didn't get a chance to escape.

Thus, the elderly man was killed in the blink of an eye, and a hint of fear appeared on the faces of the seven winged women upon seeing this.

The seven of them immediately flapped their wings in unison, flying away in seven different directions with no intention of engaging in this battle any further.

"Do you really think your clone technique can fool me?" Han Li chuckled coldly as blue light flashed through his eyes, and he quickly swept his gaze toward the seven fleeing streaks of light.

A pair of massive translucent wings then appeared on his back amid a loud thunderclap, and he flapped them vigorously to conjure up countless balls of lightning.

A loud thunderclap rang out, and all of the balls of lightning exploded while Han Li's enormous body shot forth as an azure and white thread of light. In the blink of an eye, he had covered a distance of several thousand feet and appeared right above one of the winged women.

The winged woman's expression changed drastically upon seeing this, and she immediately attempted to use a secret technique to accelerate even further, but it was already too late.

Han Li let loose a thunderous roar, and all of his golden fur stood up on end as he swelled to over 1,000 feet in size.

His hands then balled up into a pair of massive fists, which were sent crashing down like a pair of golden shooting stars.

An invisible burst of enormous force was released, encompassing an area with a radius of around half a kilometer, and the winged woman was immediately slowed down significantly.

The woman's face paled as she let loose a sharp cry, upon which all of the other six winged women vanished in a flash.

As for the winged woman being attacked by Han Li, her aura instantly swelled by severalfold, and she raised both hands up into the air to send a pair of fist-sized black balls flying upward. She then flapped her wings upward as well, and countless feathers swept forth as streaks of black light.

As soon as the pair of black balls struck the two giant golden fists, they exploded into a pair of black suns that quickly swept over an area of around an acre.

The streaks of black light also flew into the black suns like speeding arrows, and the fearsome aura descending from above eased slightly, while the pressure weighing down upon the woman was also somewhat alleviated.

The winged woman was elated by this development, and she immediately continued to flee the scene.

However, she had only flown for less than 200 feet when the space above her was torn open.

Golden and silver light flashed in unison, and a giant golden fist that was enshrouded in silver flames came crashing down from the heavens.

The winged woman was greatly alarmed by this, and she immediately opened her mouth to release a small green shield, which instantly expanded to several tens of feet in size before positioning itself above her. At the same time, she enveloped her own body with her wings, which transformed into a suit of extremely intricate armor that encapsulated every single inch of her skin.

The green shield instantly exploded amid a resounding boom, and the winged woman came plummeting down from above after being struck by the golden fist.

A human-shaped crater that was around 10 feet deep was smashed into the ground, and the winged woman was embedded into the earth.

Her body had become completely numb and powerless from the impact, thereby rendering her temporarily immobilized.

Fierce winds swept through the air up above, and the pair of black suns were snuffed out in the blink of an eye.

Thus, the giant ape was revealed once again, but its appearance had completely changed. Currently, it had a layer of golden scales over its skin, a horn on the top of its head, and an inky-black demonic eye on its glabella.

"Holy Nirvana Physique!"

The winged woman was petrified at the sight of the giant ape's new form, but the golden ape showed her no mercy as it thrust a massive palm down from above.

The earth within a radius of around half a kilometer tremored violently amid a resounding boom, and all of the trees within the area were pulverized as a giant handprint that was around an acre in area was imprinted onto the ground.

At the center of the giant handprint was the winged woman, and she didn't even get a chance to cry out before her body was reduced to mincemeat, and her Nascent Soul was erased from existence.

Having destroyed his final opponent, Han Li made a hand seal and quickly reverted back to his human form.

He looked down with a cold expression, then waved a hand through the air while pointing at something with his other hand.

A storage bracelet instantly rose up from the ground before landing in his grasp, and at the same time, a silver ball of flames gently drifted down from above.

The woman's remains were instantly engulfed by silver flames and incinerated into nothingness, while a green humanoid figure suddenly appeared beside Han Li before handing over another storage bracelet and a white jade vial to him in a respectful manner.

This was none other than the spirit body, which was being controlled by Qu'er and had been deployed to launch a sneak attack against the elderly man.

As for Han Li's Provenance Golden Body, that had already been drawn back into his body once he adopted his Holy Nirvana Physique.

Han Li quickly inspected the contents of the two storage bracelets with his spiritual sense before stowing them away alongside the white jade vial. After that, a burst of golden light erupted from his body to sweep up the spirit body before he flew away as a streak of light.

At Han Li's current speed, a distance of less than 10,000 kilometers could be covered in virtually the blink of an eye.

Following the deaths of the elderly man and the winged woman, the petite woman who was battling the giant golden crab close to 10,000 kilometers away immediately sensed something, and exclaimed, "I've lost contact with Brother She! Something must've happened to them; we have to get away from here!"

As soon as her voice trailed off, she immediately withdrew her treasures, then swept a sleeve through the air to release a streak of golden light, which instantly transformed into a golden wheel that was around 10 feet in size.

The wheel then transformed into a ball of golden light that enveloped her body before flying away at an incredible speed.

The golden-armored man and three-eyed devilish being also became quite panicked upon hearing this, and the former immediately unleashed thousands of balls of black lightning to bombard the giant crab before also fleeing in another direction as a streak of light.

As for the latter, he hurriedly detonated a pair of flying daggers that were being used to attack the golden crab, then released a green flying sword, which he instantly leaped onto before flying away.

Arcs of lightning flashed over the golden crab's body to repel the oncoming attacks with ease, and it said in a completely emotionless voice, "I'm afraid I can't let you leave, fellow daoists."

As soon as its voice trailed off, a peculiar silver diagram suddenly appeared on its back, then rose up as a vast expanse of silver light that instantly vanished into thin air.

In the next instant, ferocious winds and dark clouds swept through the area as a lightning formation that was around 100 acres in size emerged. Countless bolts of lightning then came crashing down from above, encompassing everything below the entire formation.

The three fleeing devilish beings were greatly alarmed by this, and they had no choice but to stop and defend themselves.

However, there was simply no end to the lightning raining down from above, and even though these three devils were far more powerful than normal Body Integration Stage beings, they could only just barely ensure self-preservation.

Having said that, Daoist Xie clearly wouldn't be able to maintain such a powerful barrage for much time.

Sure enough, the thunderclaps abated after the span of just a few breaths had passed, following which the lightning formation crumbled, and the lightning flashing through the sky receded.

The three devilish beings were ecstatic to see this, and they were just about to continue to flee when a cold male voice suddenly rang out up above.

"Where are you going, fellow daoists? I've returned to send you on your way."

Spatial fluctuations erupted overhead, and a faint azure humanoid figure emerged before casting a frosty gaze toward the three devils.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2173
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
