# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2190

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Having lost his heads, the weapons of the elder devil immediately slipped out of his grasp, and his headless body swayed slightly before plummeting out of the sky.

Only then did a slender black-robed woman emerge up above amid a flash of grey light.

The woman wore a wolf head mask and a pair of black gloves, revealing not even a sliver of skin.

"Thank you for saving me, Liao Ying."

A mixture of relief and gratitude appeared on Silvermoon's face at the sight of the masked woman. "No need to thank me. I am your shadow guard, so it is my duty to ensure your safety. In order to prevent any further mishaps from taking place, allow me to kill these devilish beings together with you, Young Mistress," Liao Ying said with a smile.

Silvermoon was ecstatic to hear this, and she immediately said, "Alright, with your inclusion, these devilish beings are as good as dead!"

Liao Ying nodded in response before rushing into the throng of devilish beings, immediately following which streaks of grey light flashed through the air to slice several devilish beings in half without any warning.

Meanwhile, Silvermoon made a hand seal, and the giant silver wolf projection appeared behind her again amid a flash of silver light.

This silver wolf projection was slightly blurrier than the one she had summoned earlier, but it was more than enough to deal with the remaining enemies.

Thus, the silver wolf projection pounced forward at her behest and also began to slaughter the group of devilish beings.

Shortly thereafter, all of the devilish beings had been slain by Silvermoon and Liao Ying.

Xu Qianyu and the other members of the Xu Family were situated atop a mountain peak not far away, looking on with flabbergasted expressions as chills ran down their spines.

Body Integration Stage beings were truly far more powerful than what they could fathom.

......

Within the inner demon space, there were close to 1,000 men in different colored robes gathered in a huge hall on top of a tall mountain. They were seated around dozens of massive tables, eating and chatting in an extremely rowdy manner.

The tables were laden with fine delicacies and fragrant wine, allowing everyone present to feast and drink to their heart's content.

At one end of the hall was an intricate octagonal table, behind which two people were seated on a pair of taishi chairs.

One of them was a handsome black-robed young man with a golden dagger strapped to his waist, and he was appraising his subordinates within the hall with a faint smile on his face.

The person seated beside him was also a young man with a dark complexion, wearing an azure robe; it was none other than Han Li.

At this moment, Han Li was silently downing one cup of wine after another, and he seemed to have something on his mind.

There was a small yellow bird perched on his shoulder, while a burly green-robed man with a green hood over his head was situated behind Han Li.

"Junior Martial Brother Han, in just a few short years, our Seven Mysteries Sect has risen to rule over the entire state under our command; this is truly worthy of celebration. If you ask me, we can now consider extending our forces to the neighboring states; I'm sure our Seven Mysteries Sect will become one of the premier powers of the Yue Nation soon. You have contributed the most to the success of our sect, so please accept this toast from me," the handsome young man said as he turned to Han Li with a smile, then filled a cup with wine before tossing it over to Han Li.

Han Li caught the cup of wine, but instead of immediately drinking from it, he looked down at it for a long while before finally heaving a faint sigh.

"Do you really want me to drink this wine, Senior Martial Brother Li?"

The handsome young man's expression changed slightly upon hearing this, but he still maintained his smile as he asked, "What do you mean by that, Junior Martial Brother Han? Is there a problem?"

Han Li's eyes narrowed slightly, and he suddenly spilled all of the wine in the cup onto the ground.

As soon as the wine came into contact with the ground, it erupted into scorching green flames.

The handsome young man's expression completely darkened upon seeing this, and he quickly laid a hand onto the hilt of his golden dagger.

However, right at this moment, Han Li suddenly said in a calm voice, "Even though you've plotted against me, I bear no ill will toward you."

"What do you mean by that? Hmph, at this point, there's nothing more for me to hide; the Seven Mysteries Sect can only have one true sect master, so only one of us can walk out of this place alive," the handsome young man said with a sinister look in his eyes.

"You really are just an imposter. The true Li Feiyu knows where my true aspirations lie; he wouldn't be so foolish as to think that I would stoop to competing with him for the role of sect master," Han Li said with a calm smile, and a surprised look appeared on the young man's face upon hearing this.

However, before he had a chance to say anything else, Han Li suddenly made a grabbing motion, upon which an azure longsword instantly appeared in his grasp before being slashed through the air.

The burly green-robed man behind him was immediately sliced in half, and the two halves of his body thumped down onto the ground, transforming into two bursts of black Qi that rose up into the air.

Immediately thereafter, the handsome young man and all of the men that were dining in the room instantly vanished one after another.

In the next instant, even the entire massive hall disappeared amid a rumbling boom.

After everything became clear again, Han Li found himself standing on a wide street with a series of Qi Condensation and Foundation Establishment Stage human cultivators walking past him.

This was a low-grade cultivator market of the human world, and just as Han Li was struck by a sense of familiarity, he was immediately stripped of his memories, and another reincarnation began...

Thus, he continued to go through one dream-like scenario after another.

Each scenario spanned between decades and centuries, and all of them were extremely realistic. On top of that, his memories were constantly being sealed away, so no suspicions arose within his heart.

However, Han Li's spiritual sense was simply far too powerful, and in conjunction with all of his spiritual sense enhancing secret techniques, he was always able to break the seals on his own and awaken from the illusions. After that, he would patiently seek out the person that the inner demon was impersonating, then kill it to free himself from the illusion.

From the outside world, Han Li had only been transcending his inner demon tribulation for several hours, but in reality, he had already spent over 10 lifetimes in the inner demon space.

However, as he went through more and more reincarnations, Han Li was able to awaken himself earlier and earlier from the illusions each time.

Thus, time slowly passed, and Han Li was able to escape from the reincarnations more and more quickly.

After close to half a day had passed in the outside world, Han Li had already experienced close to 100 reincarnations, but with each reincarnation that he freed himself from, the calmer and calmer he became.

During these reincarnations, the inner demon had impersonated his parents, little sister, good friends, and even the likes of Nangong Wan and Violet Spirit. However, all of them had been mercilessly slain by Han Li.

In a fit of rage and frustration, the inner demon began to impersonate Doctor Mo, Zenith Yin, and other past powerful enemies of Han Li's, but still to no avail...

Within the inner demon space, Han Li was in the process of slowly withdrawing a shimmering golden hand out of the chest of a horrified white-haired elderly man.

A burst of silver flames erupted out of the elderly man's chest, and his body was instantly ignited.

The elderly man then rose up into the air as a burst of black Qi, escaping out of the scorching silver flames before transforming into an enraged ghostly projection.

"Hmph, so you managed to see through this reincarnation as well. You really are a heartless bastard; you've even killed the master who fed you and taught you for so many years without any hesitation. You've only just broken your memory seal; aren't you afraid that you'll kill someone actually important to you?"

"There's no need to try and disrupt my mental state. During the first few reincarnations, perhaps I would've been more hesitant, but I've already endured close to 100 reincarnations at this point, and my mental fortitude is stronger than ever, so there's no way I'd make such a mistake. In contrast, you look like you're quickly running out of tricks. You can't find any weak points to exploit in my memories, so you're fabricating some characters that don't even exist to try and sway me; how pitiful!" Han Li replied in an expressionless manner.

"Is that so? Then next reincarnation, I'll transform into a true immortal; let's see how you'll kill me then!" the inner demon roared with fury, seemingly at the end of its wits.

"What a joke! Even I've never seen a true immortal before; how are you going to transform into one? Besides, I won't give you a chance to continue this ridiculous game any longer." All of a sudden, a green sword mark appeared on Han Li's forearm as he spoke.

Immediately thereafter, spatial fluctuations erupted, and a green longsword appeared in his grasp, which he instantly slashed toward the ghostly projection.

"Impossible! How do you have enough magic power to use that Profound Heavenly Sword?" the ghostly projection howled in horror, and it immediately tried to take evasive measures, but it was already too late.

A burst of energy fluctuations that were imbued with the power of laws of heaven and earth immediately descended upon the entire space.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2190
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
