# Chapter 923: Pure Revelations Academy

Outside of Taichang City, there were many unremarkable Confucian schools, one of which was a mid-grade school by the name of Pure Revelations Academy. If there was anything notable to say about it, it was that it was constructed on the renown Jadefield Mountains.

These mountains were a renown spirit mountain range in the Taichang Prefecture with over ten various peaks. Although it wasn’t particularly steep or imposing, it had favorable weather throughout the year and beautiful flowers blooming all over. There were also many rare spirit trees and fruits that can only be found there, causing them to be ranked as the greatest of the thirteen spirit mountains in the region.

The Pure Revelations Academy was constructed on the Jadefield Mountains’ Illusory Cloud Peak. The academy, which could hold over a thousand people, was constructed across the entire upper-half of the mountain.

It is said that this academy didn’t have the qualifications to establish themselves on such a famous mountain, as the other mountains were filled with famous and renowned temples that were clearly superior existences compared to it. But strangely enough, when the Pure Revelations Academy was constructed over a thousand years ago, the Daoist Temples in the vicinity hadn’t opposed them in the slightest. Rather, the priests and monks would treat the students of the academy with great courtesy ever since its establishment, much to the astonishment of the locals.

Another odd thing about the academy was the disparity of the ages of the disciples they recruit, ranging anywhere from six years old to well over twenty years old. And each year, they would recruit disciples at three to four times at irregular intervals. There were times where they would go four or even eight years without recruiting anyone. In addition, many of the people that are accepted are rarely seen walking out of the front gates, adding an air of mystery to the academy.

Of course, these were only viewed as mysteries to the mortals that inhabited the bottom half of the mountain. Since they didn’t know any better, they believed Pure Revelations Academy to be completely unremarkable as their name was hardly heard of throughout the region.

One day, there were two people that were slowly climbing up Illusory Cloud Mountain. One of them was a middle-aged scholar with a dignified appearance and the other was a scholar around the age of twenties who had somewhat tanned skin and a common appearance. He was Han Li, who had appeared at the Gan Estate a month prior.

The middle-aged scholar walked forward with fluttering sleeves, saying, “Esteemed Nephew Han, the Pure Revelations Academy had finished recruiting disciples two months prior, but I heard from Old Fellow Gan that you’ve learned an assortment of Daoist Techniques and know of the existence of cultivators. As such, I’ve brought you to this academy for a test. It will be up to destiny to see whether or not they will take you in. Since I share a friendship with the academy’s Senior Teacher Lu, I’ve brought you over to see him. If he finds you acceptable, you may remain at the academy.”

“Yes, I’ve heard of your arrangements,” Han Li replied with a sincere tone, “Uncle Gan have already spoken of them. Regardless of whether the academy takes me in, my uncle will take this favor to heart.”

At that moment, Han Li’s body released the aura of the fourth layer of Qi Condensation. Ordinary cultivators would be unable to see through his true cultivation.

A month ago, he had requested Gu Chi, the Feng Clan’s agent, to assist him in joining any large cultivation sect, regardless of their affiliation.

The reason why he bluntly said this was because the Feng Clan gave him past orders to particularly befriend cultivators that entered the mortal world for future use. As a result, Gan Chi was able to fulfill the request without much difficulty. But what worried Gan Chi was the possibility of Han Li holding malicious intentions and possibly implicating the Gan Clan.

However, all the Gan Clan businesses secretly belonged to the Feng Clan. So long as Han Li took out the deeds for their properties, he could eliminate the entirety of the Gan Clan overnight. Additionally, Gan Chi felt that the origins of the Feng Clan were particularly mysterious despite knowing a few matters about the cultivation world. But after Han Li pledged that he wouldn’t cause any trouble for the Gan Clan after entering the cultivation sect, Gan Chi could only summon the courage to follow his request.

After several days of preparation, he eventually chose a middle-aged scholar surnamed Yan to act as a bridge to have Han Li enter the Pure Revelations Academy.

The reason why he selected this person was that Confucian schools had a far more lax policy of accepting disciples. So long as he wasn’t a disciple of a wicked or evil sect and had an innocent past, he would be taken in, even if he had a master in the past. Not to mention that Gan Chi had done the middle-aged man, Teacher Yan, a great favor. As someone who stemmed from a Confucian Sect, he viewed matters of loyalty and debt with exceptional importance and would be certain to handle this matter with his greatest effort. And while there were other methods of entry to other sects, they also had a poor probability of success.

After all, great cultivation sects weren’t as difficult to enter as they were in the Heavenly South, but any low-grade vagrant cultivator wouldn’t be allowed to be a disciple.

When Han Li heard the name of Pure Revelations Academy, he asked about its location and stealthily flew off on his flying magic tool to take a look at the Jadefield Mountains’ spirit vein. He was satisfied with what he found.

Although the spirit vein couldn’t compare to the spirit well objects in his cave residence in the Heavenly South, it was far stronger than others veins near Taichang City.

As for the matter of spirit wells, if they were moved around too often without being placed on top of a spirit vein for a long period of time, they would gradually lose their spiritual nature. As such, he only carried two spirit wells on his body, but since he couldn’t find even an unoccupied spirit vein in the Great Jin, he resorted to scheming to infiltrate into a large sect to cultivate.

Under these conditions, Han Li assumed the identity of a distant relative of Gan Chi, a low-grade vagrant cultivator that only learned shallow magic techniques but also one that yearned for the path of cultivation. He then relied on his uncle to see if he could aid him in entering a large sect for continued cultivation.

Following that, Gan Chi found a famed instructor of a large Confucian school, a scholar surnamed Yan. He agreed, wishing to repay Gan Chi’s past favor towards him, and brought Han Li to Pure Revelations Academy as a result.

The middle-aged scholar, Teacher Yan, sighed and said, “It seems Brother Gan values you quite greatly. But this is no surprise as those with spirit roots are only found one in ten thousand people. It is only a pity that I don’t have spirit roots either, or I would’ve also entered the Pure Revelations Academy in pursuit of the path of cultivation.”

Han Li smiled and tacitly remained silent.

Afterwards, Teacher Yan spoke no further and brought Han Li forward. As they traveled up the mountain, they were able to see a mountain peak in the sky. They also heard resonant and melodious bell rings that shook the spirit of those who heard it.

Teacher Yan paused and turned to look the Illusory Cloud Peak. He shook his head and muttered, “The Treasure Spirit Temple’s Clear Hum Bell is a truly rare treasure, but it seems the senior monk in charge of the temple is rather excessive to strike it three times in a single day.”

A bright glint flickered from Han Li’s eyes when he heard that there was a Buddhist sect on the mountain and then wore a pensive expression. He soon realized that this so-called treasure was actually a top-grade magic tool, nothing that was particularly rare.

He wrapped up his long sleeves and held them behind his back and proceeded to follow after Teacher Yan. Soon, the two arrived at a platform at the center of the mountain, and then, the scenery suddenly opened before them.

They saw a verdant, lust, emerald-green forest of bamboo in front of them with sightings of red and white buildings in the distance. There were also several white stone paths that led directly into the bamboo forest.

Teacher Yan glanced at the forest and said, “Let’s go. The main entrance usually isn’t open. Follow me to the side gate.” He then brought Han Li to the side and walked down another road.

After many turns, Han Li and Teacher Yan appeared at a pitch-black gate that was three-meters tall. Teacher Yan sighed and lightly knocked on.

The gate silently opened to reveal a young man in white Confucian robes.

“Ah, so it was Teacher Yan. Have you come to find Senior Teacher Lu?” The youth had spiritual Qi fluctuations at the third layer of Qi Condensation, but he still spoke to Teacher Yan with great respect. Han Li couldn’t help but look better of Teacher Yan when he saw this.

‘In the Heavenly South, such a situation would’ve never happened,’ Han Li thought with a cold chuckle, ‘It seemed Confucians were quite strict with their rules, causing even cultivators to bow their heads to mortals. However, this would probably only occur with low-grade cultivators. This definitely wouldn’t happen with a high-grade cultivator.’

“Yes, I’ve come to see Brother Lu. Is he present?” Teacher Yan calmly asked.

The white-robed youth pondered for a moment and said, “He is currently seeing an esteemed guest in his study. I will make report that you’ve come.”

“That is fine. Sorry to trouble you!” Teacher Yan said with a smile.

Although the white-robed youth knew that he was a mortal, he also had a deep friendship with Senior Teacher Lu and didn’t dare to slight him. After a polite word, he hastily took out a voice transmission talisman, uttered a few words into it, and sent it into the air as a streak of fiery light, soon to quickly fly off without a trace.

Not long after, Han Li detected a powerful spiritual sense sweep past them before immediately disappearing.

Han Li’s heart stirred, knowing that this most likely belonged to Senior Teacher Lu. From the level of his spiritual sense, he appeared to be an early-Core Formation cultivator. This had come as a surprise as he expected him to have late-Foundation Establishment cultivation at most.

In Han Li’s point of view, the lower his cultivation, the better, as it would be less likely for him to see through his disguise.

Soon, a spiritual Qi trembled in the air above them and a man’s voice indifferently sounded out, “Is it Brother Yan? I am currently seeing a guest. But Brother Yan may as well come in. Oh? And you may bring that young friend of yours as well.”

> Source: https://novelfire.net/book/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-923
> Pulled as original English (novelfire).
