# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 1551

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Han Li smiled as he stowed away his flying swords and black mountain. He then rustled a sleeve, and a ball of golden light shot forth before transforming into a small leopard-like beast that landed on the ground several feet in front of him.

It was none other than his Leopard Kirin Beast.

The Fire Yang beings faltered initially upon seeing this beast, but all of them drew sharp breaths after sweeping their spiritual sense toward it.

The immensely powerful aura emanating from the body of this little beast sent chills running down even the high priestess' spine.

"Go and kill all of the Black Rakshasa beings," Han Li instructed in a concise manner.

A ferocious light appeared in the Leopard Kirin Beast's eyes upon hearing this, and its body swayed as it manifested seven or eight identical projections, all of which rushed out of the palace at once.

The beastly projections merely blurred before reappearing several hundred feet away, and after just another, they'd completely disappeared out of sight.

The speed at which they were moving was truly astonishing.

The woman only managed to barely recompose her expression after a short while, but the shock in her heart still lingered.

A thought then immediately occurred to her, and she suddenly produced a badge before rapidly pointing at it a few times while chanting something.

Spiritual light immediately flashed from the badge, and the five-colored light barrier outside the palace instantly vanished.

"Seeing as everything has been taken care of here, I'll be going back to rest now. Don't worry about that spirit beast; it'll come back to me after all of the enemies have been destroyed," Han Li said in a calm manner.

Before the Fire Yang beings could express their gratitude toward him again, azure light flashed from his body, and the flew out of the palace as a streak of azure light, disappearing into the distance in the blink of an eye.

The Fire Yang beings were left to their own devices with awestruck expression in their eyes.

After a long while, one of the white-robed serpentine beings heaved a sigh of relief, and said, "Thank heavens you convinced this Mr. Han to stay, High Priestess. Otherwise, our entire race would've most likely been eradicated."

"Indeed! We were all quite perplexed by High Priestess' decision to give the divine pill away to an outsider, but I can see now that we've been far too short-sighted," another white-robed priest chimed in with a nod.

However, a wry smile appeared on the woman's face upon hearing these words of praise.

"You two think far too highly of me. I only gave the divine pill away as there was no other alternative, and thankfully, my final roll of the dice resulted in a favorable outcome. We were blessed by the heavens to have discovered someone as powerful as Mr. Han. Zhu'er, how do you think Mr. Han compares with your master?" The woman turned to her daughter with a serious look on her face.

Bai Zhu'er's brows furrowed slightly upon hearing this, and only after a brief pause did she hesitantly reply, "My master is a fifth-tier upper race being, but even if she were here in person, it'd still most likely be a lot more difficult for her to slay those two Black Rakshasa Monarchs."

The young woman's reply was rather ambiguous, but the implications behind her words were quite apparent, and the woman nodded in response.

However, peculiar expressions appeared on the faces of the white-robed priests upon hearing this, and one of them murmured, "Could it be that Mr. Han is a powerful upper race being? In that case, even the most powerful being in the nearby region, Layman Silver Shark, wouldn't be a match for him."

"That may not necessarily be the case. Layman Silver Shark is an upper third-tier being, and cultivation arts, as well as treasures, are extremely important in deciding the outcome of battles, so it would be unfair for us to make such comparisons," the woman replied.

All of the white-robed serpentine beings nodded with contemplative expressions upon hearing this, and they all fell silent.

After a while, someone finally broke the silence. "How long does Mr. Han plan to stay on Firecloud Island? Does he have any intention of permanently settling here?"

The woman could sense what the priest was trying to ask, and she immediately shook her head before replying, "I'm not sure, but he most likely won't leave right away. Having said that, it's also very unlikely that he would choose to stay on our island permanently. Someone of Senior Han's powers surely wouldn't be willing to confine themselves to a small island like ours."

The other white-robed serpentine beings furrowed their brows upon hearing this, and the entire palace fell silent again.

"Alright, we'll discuss these matters another time. The battle outside hasn't reached a conclusion yet. Even though the two Black Rakshasa Monarchs have been slain, there could still be other high-grade Black Rakshasa beings out there. Mr. Han's spirit beast is indeed quite powerful, but we can't just let it do all the work for us, so let's join the battle outside as well. The sooner we can get rid of all of these Black Rakshasa beings, the fewer casualties our race would incur," the woman suddenly instructed.

All of the white-robed serpentine beings immediately bowed and nodded in agreement upon hearing this.

Thus, the six of them flew out of the palace and rushed toward the locations where the battle was most intense.

...

A short while later, Han Li returned to his wooden cabin and reactivated the restriction before taking a seat on the wooden bed in a cross-legged manner.

A contemplative look then appeared on his face.

The two most powerful Black Rakshasa Monarchs had already been slain, so the Leopard Kirin Beast would be more than enough to take care of the rest of the battle.

As such, he'd already returned the favor for the pill that the woman had bestowed upon him. All he had to do now was rest and recover for around half a year, and he should be back to his peak condition.

With that in mind, a faint smile appeared on Han Li's face. However, a thought then suddenly occurred to him, and he abruptly flipped a hand over. Black light flashed, and a thin veil appeared over his hand.

This was none other than one of the treasures he'd taken from the remains of the Black Rakshasa Monarchs.

Han Li stared at the veil in his hand, and an intrigued look appeared on his face.

This was a thin black veil that was quite smooth and soft to the touch, and also gave off a rather cool sensation. Just by adjusting the orientation of the veil under the light, Han Li could see faint black runes on its surface, clearly indicating that it was no ordinary treasure.

After inspecting the veil for a while, Han Li extended a finger toward it, and azure light flashed from his fingertip as he injected a vast amount of pure spiritual power into the treasure.

He then flicked his wrist, and the black veil rose up into the air before transforming into a piece of semi-transparent material that was around 10 feet in size.

Han Li inspected the item through narrowed eyes, then cast an incantation seal toward it.

The incantation seal disappeared into the black veil in a flash, following which it descended toward Han Li and completely obscured his body.

An astonishing scene then ensued.

In the instant that the veil landed on Han Li's body, he suddenly became quite blurry and indistinct, and he completely disappeared after a few flashes.

A hint of surprise appeared on Han Li's face as he inspected his hands, then glanced at his concealed body. Immediately thereafter, blue light suddenly flashed within his eyes, and it was only growing brighter and brighter.

Moments later, a faint smile appeared on his face.

As expected he was unable to see through this veil's concealment ability unless he activated his spirit eye ability to its very maximal extent.

Those two Black Rakshasa beings had presumably used these treasures to sneak their way into the palace.

With that in mind, Han Li released a wisp of spiritual sense and attempted to pierce through the veil with it.

However, as soon as his spiritual sense made contact with the black veil, he felt as if it had fallen into a vast expanse of illusionary mist, making it completely impossible for it to pass through the veil. It appeared that this treasure was responsible for his inability to identify the cultivation bases of the two Black Rakshasa Monarchs.

After a brief moment of contemplation, he suddenly grabbed onto a corner of the black veil before casting an incantation seal.

Black light flashed from the veil, and it abruptly disappeared into his robes.

Han Li then used his spiritual sense to assess his own body several times, following which a pleased look appeared on his face.

This black veil was indeed quite a brilliant treasure as it had exemplary concealment abilities.

In fact, it was second only to the High Zenith Invisibility Talisman among the concealment treasures that he possessed.

The High Zenith Invisibility Talisman did indeed possess extraordinary concealment abilities, but it also had many limitations. Not only did it severely hamper his speed, the treasures and cultivation arts he could use with the talisman activated were also significantly restricted.

In contrast, the black veil was slightly inferior in terms of concealment ability, but it had none of the aforementioned drawbacks. Furthermore, its concealment ability would become more potent the more powerful its user was.

If it weren't for the fact that the two Black Raksha Monarch's possessed cultivation bases that were far inferior to his, he wouldn't have been able to see through them so easily.

Han Li experimented with the black veil for a while longer before stowing it away.

After that, Han Li closed his eyes and began to engage in silent cultivation.

Golden light flashed from his body, and golden halos proliferated above his head as the seated golden projection appeared once again.

Han Li remained completely still, and several days passed by in a flash.

During this time, the woman had brought a batch of rare spirit medicines and high-grade spirit stones to his doorstep in person.

On that occasion, Han Li hadn't opened the door to greet her. Instead, he merely asked her to place the medicines and spirit stones outside the door, clearly indicating that he had no intention of entertaining any guests during the upcoming period of time.

The woman naturally didn't dare to express any displeasure toward this, and she immediately set the items down outside the wooden cabin before taking her leave.

Only then did Han Li get the Weeping Soul Beast to carry the items into the room. Throughout this process, he didn't leave his bed nor open his eyes even once.

One day passed by after another, and several months flew by in a flash.

During this time, none of the higher-ups of the Fire Yang Race dared to disturb Han Li again.

On this day, Han Li suddenly opened his eyes, then opened his mouth to expel a ball of silver flames. The silver flames immediately transformed into a fist-sized silver Fire Raven.

It was none other than the Spirit Engulfing Fire Raven!

Han Li looked at the Fire Raven, and a hint of surprise flashed through his eyes.

At first glance, the bird's appearance didn't appear to have changed at all, but after sweeping his spiritual sense toward it, he discovered that something seemed to have appeared within its body.

Blue light flashed through his eyes, and he was finally able to identify what this thing was.

Within the silver flames, a series of barely visible golden threads had appeared.

These golden threads had only appeared after the Spirit Engulfing Heavenly Flames had completely refined the so-called Revolving Evil Spirit Light, so there was most likely a direct correlation between the two.

After a brief moment of contemplation, Han Li made a hand seal before pointing a finger at the silver Fire Raven in front of him.

The Fire Raven immediately spread its wings before flying in circles in the air above Han Li.

Immediately thereafter, the Fire Raven opened its mouth to blast forth a thin golden and silver thread.

The thread struck the restriction that Han Li had set up in a flash, and the white light barrier tremored slightly before the thin thread was able to pass through it without any impediment.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-1551
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
