# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 105

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Chapter 105: Shocking Information

“The three largest gangs in Jia Yuan City are the Brothers’ Union, the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association, and the Heavenly Tyrant Sect. The smaller gangs are the Iron Spear Association, the Sworn Brotherhood, the Azure Clothed Gang, the Spring Rain Building, the Gold Sword Sect, the Dark Riverboat Gang, the Diamond Sect, the Setting Sun School, and several other sects.”

Sun Ergou named all these gangs in one breath. Panting, he continued, “The strongest of the three large factions is the Heavenly Tyrant Sect. It is allied with the Gold Sword Sect and Azure Clothed Gang, and they occupy the Eastern City district, which is the most prosperous district. The Brothers’ Union, which is slightly weaker, is allied with the Iron Spear Association, the Dark Riverboat Gang, and the Sworn Brotherhood, occupies the Northern City district. The weakest, the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association, rules the over Southern City district, alongside the Spring Rain Building, the Diamond Sect, and the Setting Sun School. Lastly, the chaotic Western City district is divided amongst numerous smaller gangs. Although these small gangs are constantly involved in power struggles, if a larger power wanted to invade the Western City district, then the smaller gangs would cease fighting and face the external attackers. Thus, the entire Jia Yuan City could be considered a four-sided confrontation.” Sun Ergou’s words came out like a torrent from his mouth, never ending. Without even pausing to think, he had explained the general state of affairs of every power within the city.

After Han Li heard the explanation, he muttered to himself for a moment before thoughtfully asking, “I’ve heard people say that the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association was one of the Lan Province’s three overlords, and that Jia Yuan City was where it originally established its headquarters. How did it become the weakest of the three large gangs of the city?”

“Young master, what you said is ancient history. Many years ago, the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association was truly ferocious, and its power nearly encompassed the entire Lan Province. As a superpower during that time, the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association had its headquarters located in Jia Yuan City. It was originally intolerant of other gangs stepping in, and as a result, the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association controlled the entire city by itself. Back then, the other gangs didn’t even dare to show their shadow under the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association’s intimidation. However, for an unknown reason, the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association suddenly decayed in power overnight. Not only did it lose some of its territories, the power of its headquarters in Jia Yuan City greatly waned in power. Thus, gangs of all sizes took advantage of this opportunity and emerged from hiding. After several bloody battles, the situation we have today took shape.” Sun Ergou explained this while remaining extremely politely.

“Do you know why the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association suddenly weakened?” Han Li slowly asked Sun Ergou, furrowing his eyebrows.

“This….. to tell you the truth, this humble person’s status in his gang isn’t very high. I truly do not know much about this, and the few things that I do know were told to me by other people. It seemed that the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association had an internal conflict that led to a civil war. Its decline can also be attributed to other large powers, that suppressed them from behind.” Slightly embarrassed at himself for not knowing enough information, Sun Ergou gave Han Li a vague answer.

“Oh, so it was like that!” Han Li slightly smiled. It seemed he had guessed this was the situation earlier.

“Who is currently in charge of the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association? You should at least know who.” Han Li asked.

“I do know who. The person in charge of the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association is Madam Yan, the widow of the former Fearsome Flood Dragon Association’s leader, Mo Juren.” Sun Ergou hastily replied.

“Widow?” Han Li was astonished.

“That’s right! The original founder of the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association, Master Mo, died. Does his wife not become a widow?” Sun Ergou blinked and grew somewhat hesitant. He did not know if he said something wrong.

“Who said that the association’s Master Mo died?” As his complexion turned colder, Han Li sensed that something was out of place.

“Everyone in Jia Yuan City knows about this. A year ago, Ghost Hand Mo Juren’s last disciple revealed that he had obtained Association Master Mo’s will and keepsakes. With these in his possession, he announced Master Mo’s death at the Mo estate.”

“Last disciple? What was his name?” Han Li calmly asked, raising his eyebrow.

“He is Wu Jianming, a twenty year-old pretty face. Rumors have it that he has already inherited Mo Juren’s teachings and his martial arts are incomparably high.” Sun Ergou carefully told Han Li. At this moment, he already realized something. He was certain that this person was somehow related to the Fearsome Flood Dragon Association, and seemed to be paying close attention to that Young Master Wu.

“In addition….” Sun Ergou seemed as if he wanted to say something, but didn’t dare to.

“If you have something to say, then speak frankly! Don’t hold back! If this information is true, I will bestow upon you great rewards.”

“I have heard people say that this Young Master Wu is intimate with the Master Mo’s daughter, Mo Yuzhu. I have also heard that they will soon marry each other.” Hearing that there would be compensation, Sun Ergou spoke the truth freely, with a smile on his face.

“Marriage!” Han Li chuckled and suddenly stood up.

He paced back and forth several times in the room. Afterwards, he looked up to the ceiling and stopped. He seemed to be thinking of something.

“Hear this well! Your mission is quite simple. From today on, you will secretly gather information for me regarding the Mo Estate. As for Young Master Wu, the more details about him, the better.”

“Take this silver. If this affair goes well, there will be even more rewards! Go handle it.” Han Li casually tossed Sun Ergou a pouch of silver.

“I will follow your orders. Esteemed Young Master, please be at ease, for I will handle this matter well. This humble man will no longer trouble you and shall take his leave.” Sun Ergou clutched the silver in his hands and walked out, beaming with joy. Before leaving, he had even took the time to politely close the door.

“This esteemed Young Master is truly generous with his money. All he wants me to do is a trivial task of gathering information. It seems that choosing to follow this person on that day was truly the right choice!” Sun Ergou excitedly thought. At this moment, the matter of the Rotten Heart Pill had been pushed to the back of his head.

After seeing Sun Ergou’s happy face as he walked out, Han Li lightly sighed. He suddenly felt somewhat regretful. He had been here for a mere two days and had already given away so much silver. This made him feel like a money squanderer.

“It is no matter. This silver could be considered as silver from Doctor Mo’s account, with even with the addition of a bit of interest,” Han Li thought, finding joy in his sorrow.

“However, this Young Master Wu Jianming is truly a clever person for actually trying to be the first to use his own identity to infiltrate the Mo Estate, effectively acquiring power and wealth simultaneously. His courage is certainly admirable!” Han Li stroked his nose with a cold smile.

“It seems that a visit to the Mo Estate is inevitable. Otherwise, the Precious Warm Yang Jade will not be included in the dowry and instead will lie in that person’s hand,” Han Li thought, somewhat regretfully.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-105
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
