# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 121

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Chapter 121: Clear River Brothel

Shen Zhongshan’s current mood was quite good. He was currently sitting in a private room of the Clear River Brothel and embracing an exceptionally beautiful girl, using his large hands to grope her delicate body in a vulgar manner.

Maybe it was due to Shen Zhongshan’s impatience, but his handling caused the gorgeously enchanting maiden to giggle nonstop.

“Miss Jin, I think you should just submit to our Gang Leader already! This is the first time our Gang Leader has been so infatuated with a woman. He came here in such a hurry even though the gang’s affairs have not been completely dealt with.” The person who said this was a dark fatty who wore loose-fitting gray garments. His waist was as large as a bucket, and his legs were twice the size a normal person’s. After speaking, he was somewhat gasping for breath.

“That’s right, Miss Jinzhi! Our Gang Leader has visited your establishment every afternoon for five days in a row and spent a large sum of money! Furthermore, you profited quite a bit. You only let our Gang Leader embrace you for a while and never let him spend the night with you even once. This just doesn’t make any sense!” The one who spoke this time was a middle aged scholar with a mole on his face. His eyes exuded a hidden fierceness, making him seem like a scheming person.

Currently, besides Shen Zhongshan, there were three other people in the room. They were none other than Fourth Level Gang’s three Great Protectors.

The dark fatty was “Mad Fist” Qian Jing. Disregarding his oddly plump size, he was actually extremely proficient in the “Berserk Eighteen Strike” and had killed many reputable experts.

The Confusian scholar was “Poison Scholar” Fan Ju. Even though he practiced a very swift and fierce “Snow Wind” sword technique, what made his name famous worldwide was his dark heart, fierce methods, and sinister intentions.

Standing at one side was a dark-clothed person who had not spoken a word since the start. He was the strongest out of the three Great Protectors, “Throwing Dagger” Shen San. His unique skill of sending out eighteen throwing daggers in succession had previously helped Shen Zhongshan get rid of many experts who pursued a vendetta against him. In addition, Shen San was also Shen Zhongshan’s distant relative. Thus, he was the one Shen Zhongshan regarded the most highly in the Fourth Level Gang.

Just like Shen Zhongshan, each of the three Protectors had a pretty girl sitting in their embrace. But these girls were nothing like the girl in Shen Zhongshan’s embrace. She was delicate, charming, flirtatious and finely developed in figure.

At this moment, when the giggling little Jinzhi heard “Mad Fist” and “Poison Expert” Fan Ju’s words, her eyes immediately began to tear up, as if a teardrop might fall at any moment.

“When Master Fan and Master Qian speak like this, you are wrongly accusing Jinzhi. The moment others see Master Shen, they would immediately know that he is a hero! To be able to fly together and nest together with Master Shen, that is all that Jinzhi wishes for!”

“However, both of you also know that my body belongs to Clear River Brothel. Without the brothel’s Elderly Lady Wang’s approval, if Jinzhi were to leave and receive patrons without permission, I will be beaten to death. Why doesn’t Master Shen go and ask Elderly Lady Wang? If she agrees to let Jinzhi receive patrons, then I will definitely wait upon Master Shen diligently tonight.” The lead prostitute of the Clear River Brothel spoke in a sincere tone of sweet reasonableness and looked at Shen Zhongshan with extreme adoration.

Her words seemed quite believable yet fake at the same time, making Qian Jin and Fan Ju look at each other speechlessly in dismay.

Of course they had asked for the price of spending the night with little Jinzhi. Using the excuse of little Jinzhi having never spent the night with a patron before, Elderly Lady Wang demanded an exorbitant price that made Gang Leader Shen Zhongshan’s heart skip a beat. Thus, they had never reached an agreement.

It was even more impossible to use force to negotiate. The Clear River Brothel was the property of Jia Yuan City’s third largest gang, the Heavenly Tyrant Sect.

After hitting a snag with this giant red card, Qian Jin and Fan Ju could only vent their frustration on the Clear River Brothel’s girls who were in their arms. Only after groping them ferociously did they let the matter drop.

“Hehe, many thanks to the two worthy little brothers for being concern about my affairs. But don’t worry, two days ago I made a great business deal. This small amount of money isn’t too much. On the contrary, you, beautiful lady, cannot go back on your words! You must properly wait upon this Lord Master when the time comes!” The addicted Shen Zhongshan said contentedly as he suddenly turned towards little Jinzhi, who was in his embrace, and nibbled her fragrant cheek.

Shen Zhongshan was a huge man with very hairy arms and chest. His two arms were much longer than that of an average human. Thus, his whole person looked like a beast wearing clothes, truly so ugly that he could frighten people.

A few years ago, this extremely boorish man used “Open Arm Punch”, a skill that he mastered to perfection, to kill the Fourth Level Gang’s predecessor, Gou Tianpo, and his trusted aides, the four great Warlords, thereby seizing the position as Gang Leader. Therefore, in the entire Jia Yuan City, he was definitely a part of the top ranking experts and must not be underestimated.

“Master Shen”, Little Jinzhi appeared very bashful when Shen Zhongshan sneakily bit her cheek and behaved like a spoiled child in his arms, making Shen Zhongshan quite pleased with himself as he laughed heartily.

Dong dong! Dong dong! Right in that moment, someone knocked on the door.

“Who is it?” The dark fatty, “Mad Fist” Qian Jin was unhappy and shouted out the question in a bad mood.

“I am here to deliver beverages to the gentlemen in the room.” The voice of a youthful male came through from the outside.

“Then why are you taking so slow to deliver? I’ve already complained that there are not enough drinks!” The dark fatty spoke without thinking when he heard the reply.

In the wake of Qian Jin’s words, a young man wearing servant clothes came in. The ordinary-looking youth was holding a tray with both hands. There were several dishes and two bottles of alcohol on the tray.

“Quickly bring the alcohol here. I want to see how it tastes like!” Fatty Qian Jin was a typical drunkard. Thus his eyes immediately brightened up and he clamoured incessantly when he saw the two bottles of alcohol.

“Yes, this servant will carry it to you!” This person, with an appearance of a young servant, walked forward a few steps and placed a wine cup on the table.

The moment the fatty saw the wine cup, he immediately grabbed it in his hand and wanted to down it to taste its flavour.

“Wait, fatty!” The quiet black-clothed person, Shen San, suddenly stopped Qian Jin from pouring the alcohol into his mouth.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-121
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
