# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 143

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Chapter 143: Beheading

The large man that had just emerged from the ground and the yellow-clothed man started to chase after Han Li.

As they chased him, they were afraid that Han Li would run far away again. After recovering a bit of magic power, they immediately grouped up and planned their next attack.

At this time, Han Li felt a scorching pain from his wounded thigh. It seemed that his movements from a moment ago had worsened his injury.

However, now was not the time to think about that problem! The large man that had concealed himself in the ground a moment ago took out a long saber covered in black Qi and fiercely charged toward Han Li.

When Han Li saw his opponents’ figures, he observed that although they were quite fast, their movements were stiff. It was clear these people only relied on the support of magic techniques. His heart could not help but slightly relax. It should be known that Han Li’s strange and quick movements would prevent them from catching up to him!

With that thought, Han Li no longer paid attention to the large overbearing man and placed his attention onto the yellow-clothed man instead, as the man had taken out a dark green gourd. He had pointed the mouth of the gourd toward Han Li, seemingly wanting to cast a magic technique!

“Where do you think you’re looking? Die!”

The large man charged next to Han Li with a greatly flourished yellow light on his body. He lifted his demonic long saber and chopped it down toward Han Li.

Han Li snorted. His body flashed, appearing outside the reach of the saber.

“You were fooled, boy!” The large man wildly laughed.

A black light from the long saber in his hand flashed, and turned into a long black rope. Like a long snake, it closely followed and twisted toward Han Li, neither locking him down nor letting him go!

Han Li was startled, and his body immediately grew strangely indistinct. One moment he was at the left, then right, then front, then back, as if there were several Han Li’s encircling the large man.

When the large man saw this, he grew greatly intimidated. However, he immediately protected his body with the “Earth Armor Technique” and no longer paid it any attention to Han Li’s afterimages. Instead, he hastily moved his flexible black rope and did his utmost to pursue Han Li’s true body.

Pengpeng. Pengpeng. Han Li swept past the side of the large man. During that instant, he fiercely shot fireballs at the large man with both hands around him. As they hit his body, the yellow light shook for a moment. Unfortunately, it recovered at once.

“How could this meager Fireball Technique break through this Uncle’s defensive technique!” The large man’s face was savage, and the movement of his hands grew even more rapid; the movements of the black rope didn’t relax even the slightest.

Han Li felt somewhat anxious! Although the large man’s black rope was somewhat slower than him, he was unable to cope with it. His dared not slow down his body’s movements, else he was certain to be caught. Although he didn’t know what sort of magic tool the black rope was, it was quite troublesome! However, he didn’t dare to negligently let it wrap around him!

He busily glanced toward the yellow-clothed man and saw that his expression was solemn. The magic tool gourd in his hand started to release a secretive azure light. It was unknown what would about to emerge from within!

“This won’t do. If this continues, he will be able to keep his life! If I don’t brave this danger, I will die!” Han Li thought to himself, having seen the desperate circumstances.

As a result, Han Li rushed to take out the guardian talisman he received from Monk Golden Light. This Guardian Talisman was a type of talisman technique. Its incantation had long been acquired from Buddhist Monk Ku Sang. Now he had finally used it.

Han Li softly chanted the incantation verses. Because he was in the middle of moving, it sounded somewhat ambiguous. However, the talisman’s golden characters started to brighten. When the golden characters were completely shining, Han Li suddenly slapped the talisman onto his body. A golden light suddenly appeared and covered his body with a golden barrier. However, his body suddenly became slower, and the black chain overtook him and wrapped around him.

The usage of a Guardian Talisman caused one’s movements to slow. Han Li had already tested this and was well aware. Although the black rope wound around him several times, when it was obstructed by the golden light, he did not panic! He knew that his gamble was correct as the golden barrier protected him against the magic tool’s assault.

When the large man saw this, he let out a low roar. He charged forward with large strides, with obnoxious, dazzling yellow light on his fists. They seemed to be supported by an unknown cultivation technique.

Having learned a lesson from last time, Han LI did not let the large man get close. He suddenly crouched and pressed both hands against the floor. Then he muttered an incantation, suddenly causing his hands be slightly enveloped in a yellow light.

When the large man saw this, he was slightly startled and hastily stopped. However, it was already too late. The floor below him completely turned into soft and weak quicksand, causing his legs to be deeply buried to his thighs and to become flustered.

“Strike!” A sharp voice entered Han Li’s ear.

Han Li’s heart sunk as he looked toward the yellow-clothed man.

With only a single look, Han Li saw seven to eight black spheres the size of chicken eggs emerge from the mouth of the black gourd and rush toward him.

Han Li’s face grew very unsightly, and the yellow light in his hands scattered. He then took out a wooden box from his bosom.

At this time, the several spheres were already in front of him and ruthless pounded against Han Li’s barrier. The barrier was incessantly deformed, as if it could break at any moment.

Han Li didn’t take notice of this crisis and sat down cross-legged, putting the wooden box on his knee. He then rushed an incantation.

Pengpeng! Pengpeng! Pengpeng! The spheres’ attacks were fierce and didn’t cease attacking the golden barrier for even a moment, causing the golden light to gradually dim. It seemed the barrier would break and that death would approach.

At this time, Han Li shouted with a roar, “Rise!”

With this order, a gray light perhaps a zhang long shot forth from within the wooden box. This ray of light resembled a flood dragon that had emerged from the water; it flew several circles and all directions, and hacked all of the spheres into two one after another as if they were its nemesis, turning them to dust.

“Talisman treasure!” The yellow-clothed man loudly shouted as if he had seen a ghost.

When Han Li heard this, his heart stirred. However, he did not think of it further as the large man had already escaped from the trap. However, after seeing Han Li’s gray sword light, his complexion grew deathly white! Not only did he not think to rush toward Han Li, but he also turned around and wildly fled.

Thought at this time, Han Li was already resolved to kill. How could he let these people leave? He pointed to the large person, and the sword light immediately and fiercely pursued, appearing behind the large man’s body.

It coiled around the large man’s neck and his skull easily tumbled to the ground. It was as if the yellow light protecting his body didn’t exist, not affecting it in the slightest.

When the yellow-clothed man saw this, he had actually dared to stay there for the moment. He took out a talisman and slapped it onto his body, causing him to spout out a pair of large yellow wings. He lightly flapped them and soared off, flying to a distant place.

Han Li then commanded the sword light to pursue, closely following behind the yellow-clothed man. The yellow-clothed man flew even faster, and the grey light was unexpectedly unable to overtake him for a time.

Han Li felt slightly anxious, and his heart grew fierce. He then used all of the magic power he had without reserve. It was as if that grey streak had immediately consumed a tonic and suddenly sped up, piercing through the chest of the yellow-clothed man and thoroughly bringing peace to Han Li’s heart.

The yellow-clothed man screamed and fell from the air.

Han Li grew greatly cheerful and recalled the gray light. He dashed toward the man, hoping to capture him alive and carefully interrogate him.

Unfortunately when Han Li arrived at the crash site, the yellow-clothed man couldn’t possibly be any more dead. He simply fell to his death, causing Han Li to be quite depressed!

Since there were no living mouths, he could only search the two bodies and see whether he could find any useful clues.

After Han Li impolitely plundered all the items on the two men’s bodies, he did not find any relevant items. Even so, he struck it rich! These two men actually had fifty low-grade spirit stones as well as a few talismans and magic tools!

Han Li could not make head or tails of their assault and was somewhat puzzled. He also did not know whether or not these two had anything to do with the missing rogue cultivators. However, he didn’t dare to stay here too long. After consuming a few medicine pills, he continued on his way.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-143
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
