# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 150

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Chapter 150: Reluctant Consent

“Take over the Azure Stone Mountain Range’s Hundred Medicine Garden. Requires a set amount of rare drug ingredients to be handed over every year.”

When Han Li saw the gold characters written on the slip, Han Li was extremely joyful. He raised his head toward Honored Disciple Yu and pointed to the slip, saying, “I desire this task. Senior Martial Brother Yu, could you present this to me?”

After he heard Han Li’s words, Honored Disciple Yu pieced together a smile. But once he clearly saw the task Han Li had picked, the cheerful smile on his face became forced.

“Junior Martial Brother, please pick another task. This garden task is extremely difficult. It doesn’t suit Junior Martial Brother!” Honored Disciple Yu very sincerely said. However, when he saw Han Li’s puzzled appearance, he further explained, “Ever since the task was hung here several years ago, many have already attempted to compete it. However, all of them failed. Not only did they fail to receive an award, they were fined a great number of spirit stones. It could be said to be one of the most difficult tasks here. Even if Junior Martial Brother Han is joking, each disciple I assigned this slip to were quite talented in growing plants!”

After Han Li heard these words, he inwardly laughed. However, after some contemplation, he did not plan to give up. He modestly asked, “Could Senior Martial Brother tell me, in what way is this task difficult? How could there be no Senior Martial Brother that completed it? Isn’t it just supervising the medicinal herbs in the garden? How is this hard?”

“Could it be that Martial Nephew chose Senior Martial Brother Ma’s medicine garden assignment?” The nearby Old Man Ye after heard these two’s dialog, did not wait for the middle-aged Honored Disciple to reply. He wrinkled his brow and rushed to interrupt them.

“That’s right! Junior Martial Brother Han took a fancy to Senior Martial Uncle Ma’s extremely difficult assignment.” The middle-aged Honored Disciple did not know whether to laugh or cry.

After the old man heard this, he wore an enigmatic smile.

“Haha! Martial Nephew Han truly knows how to choose! He actually fancied the most troublesome task! However, this task truly causes one’s head to ache! There have already been a great many who were forced to receive this assignment and complained to me before. However, because Senior Martial Brother Ma was not willing to easily alter the conditions of rewards and penalties, I could not do anything! If Martial Nephew Han wishes to know the details of this task, he can follow me into the hall and take a look at the relevant files. It is much more compelling than hearing from the word of mouth!” It was unknown why this Hundred Opportunities Hall’s Hall Master Ye was so forthright toward Han Li. He went as far as to open the door for him in passing.

Han Li inwardly wrinkled his brow. This Martial Uncle Ye was a bit too enthusiastic! Although he had given his Foundation Establishment pill to him, it had seemed to be an equal trade. Why was he acting so intimately toward him?

Han Li strongly pushed aside the suspicions in his mind and put up an appearance of being overwhelmed by Martial Uncle Ye’s favor toward him. Then he followed the old man who took the slip to some room at the back of the main hall. All sorts of files were piled up in the room.

The old man lightly waved his arm with the slip in his hand. Then the slip flashed, and a scroll flew toward into his hand. He offered the scroll to Han Li.

Since he was already being offered, Han Li impolitely took the scroll and quickly rifled through it.

The scroll’s contents weren’t long. It simply contained the written accounts of the disciples who were assigned to take care of the medicine garden. That was why Han Li looked through them quickly. A short moment later, he mostly understood the details and difficulty of the assignment.

“How about it? You should change to another assignment! Although this task’s rewards are quite generous, it isn’t something an ordinary disciple can accomplish.” Martial Uncle Ye said with great concern.

After Han Li heard those words, he muttered to himself for a moment. He firmly shook his head, “Many thanks to Martial Uncle Ye! However, this task is much to my liking. I don’t need to switch to another assignment, because I am picking it!”

When the old man heard the determination in Han Li’s words, he felt somewhat amazed. However, he said nothing else and nodded, giving his consent. He then immediately brought Han Li out of the room. After a moment of hesitation, he somewhat unnaturally added, “Martial Nephew Han, with regards to the goods agreed from our deal with the Foundation Establishment Pill, could their delivery be slightly postponed? Martial Uncle has been recently wanting to refine a Qi Gathering Pill. What I have at hand is truly rather limited. I fear it wouldn’t be too convenient for me. However Martial Nephew, please feel at ease. I will be able to repay my debt in full within a year.”

When Han Li heard these words, he was surprised for a moment. However, he immediately smiled.

“What is Martial Uncle Ye saying? Since it is inconvenient for Martial Uncle, I can give as much time as he needs. There is no need to bring up the matter of repayment in the future. This could be considered filial respect given to Martial Uncle from the younger generation.”

Han Li felt that currently he was acting truly falsely. His heart was undoubtedly depressed, and he loathed the other party’s breach of their promise. However, his face wore a smiling expression and said the words that would make the other party happy. ‘This is probably brought about by the young one’s grief!’ Old Man Ye bitterly thought.

“What meaning do Martial Nephew’s words hold? Could it be that you believe this elder is one who breaks his promises and doesn’t keep his words? This elder won’t cheat Martial Nephew of the promised items even the slightest!” When Old Man Ye heard Han Li’s words, not only was he unhappy, he had also stiffened his face and wore an expression of honor. His appearance expressed that he wouldn’t do such actions of lowly character.

Hearing this, Han Li’s reluctant smile nearly fell apart!

This elder’s face was quite thick. He obviously intended to renege on the majority of goods; even so, he insisted on keeping up the false appearance of uprightly keeping his promise. He was truly a typical hypocrite!

Han Li repeatedly restrained himself and incessantly cursed inwardly. However, his face’s smile was slightly delayed. He changed his expression to one of sincerity, and used a tone of voice even he found sickening to say, “Martial Uncle is blaming this younger generation wrongly! Actually, Martial Nephew thought that since Martial Nephew had just entered the sect, the promised items were far too extravagant for this junior. As a result, Martial Uncle would temporarily withhold the majority of goods so that this junior would not use waste them.”

After hearing Han Li’s empty words, Old Man Ye’s expression was eased. He faintly nodded his head and said, “Martial Nephew Han’s words truly have some sense! If a newly admitted disciple became too dependant on these mere worldly possessions, it would truly hinder his cultivation! Then let us act according to your words. The majority of the goods will temporarily be left with me. If you have a need for them in the future, do not hesitate to come take them!”

“Then thank you for your trouble, Martial Uncle!” Han Li wore a strong smile and consoled his heart repeatedly. These were merely worldly possessions. He couldn’t afford to offend the old man in front of him! Later, when there was an opportunity, he would definitely return to collect both principal and interest.

“Hehe, this is nothing! Let us go!” The old man’s mood seemed to turn for the better.

The following matter was much easier. With this Martial Uncle Ye’s assistance, Han Li smoothly went through all the formalities and took the jade medallion, representing his assignment. Then he was enthusiastically led by an Honored Disciple to the Azure Stone Mountain Range’s Hundred Medicine Garden.

Old Man Ye stood at the entrance of the Hundred Opportunities Hall and saw Han Li’s figure gradually fly off to the distance. His complexion was gloomy as he remained silent. It seemed he was thinking of something.

“Has Junior Martial Brother Ye’s heart gone soft?” A deep voice suddenly came from behind him.

“It is not a question of whether my heart has gone soft. Rather, using these methods to deal with a disciple that had just entered the sect feels somewhat improper. Not only does this Martial Nephew Han say one thing, he inwardly thinks another. He may report this to Sect Master!” The old man didn’t say anything else, but his words carried a faint unease.

“Hehe, report?” The person behind him sneered.

“What? Is Senior Martial Brother Wu not uneasy?” Old Man Ye eventually turned around, saying these words to a somber Senior Martial Brother Wu.

“What is there to worry about? This boy is not aware of the arrangements we made beforehand. Say that the goods were left with you. Don’t say that you won’t give it to him but that they were temporarily in your care! What reason would there to be to report?” Martial Brother Wu said, having thought it out.

“However, I quite admire this boy! His age is young, yet he understands when to advance or retreat. This is remarkable! If he didn’t have such poor aptitude with his false spiritual roots, I would have truly felt the notion to have him enter the sect!” Martial Brother Wu continued, his face exposing an appearance of regret.

“Luckily, this person doesn’t have a rigid way of thinking, otherwise we would have to use a different trick. That would be far more inconvenient!” Old Man Ye said leisurely.

“Enough, these is nothing to be uneasy about this boy! Us two will pinch our noses and think of him like we would think of an ant. Junior Martial Brother Ye need not waste so much money. However, don’t forget what we agreed on in advance!” Senior Martial Brother Wu suddenly changed the topic. His words also held some hidden meaning.

“I will not forget. I will give you half of this newly created Qi Gathering Pill. Ke! To tell the truth, if my grandnephew wasn’t in the middle of becoming Foundation Establishment and required the assistance of large quantities of precious medicine pills, I truly would not have such thick face to trick a junior in this way!” Old Man Ye lightly shook his head, looking like he lost his integrity with age.

When Old Man Wu heard these words, he smiled and did not speak. With great satisfaction, he thought to himself, “Since this Junior Martial Brother Ye has just committed an underhanded act, it could be considered something I could use to handle him. I don’t have to worry about discussing business with him in the future. He will not oppose me.”

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-150
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
