# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 169

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Chapter 169: Fierce Battle (3)

Han Li’s and Senior Martial Brother Lu’s magic power was being steadily delivered to the ‘sword talisman’ and the ‘Azure Flood Dragon Banner’. Both their bodies and minds were focused on their struggle. They didn’t dare to be careless or negligent in the slightest.

Neither of them used any unnecessary concentration or magic power to prevent the other from being victorious. They both clearly understood that the slightest carelessness in one side would cause the immediate destruction of a treasure along with a person’s death; there was no retreat or leeway.

Thus, the struggle between the azure flood dragon and the huge sword, unexpectedly developed into a battle of attrition to see whose magic power would be exhausted first.

When the two people realized how much magic power they had in reserve and understood the crucial point of the battle, they both took the same action to increase their own spiritual power. They took out spirit stones and held them in their hand to absorb their magic power.

However, Senior Martial Brother Lu had a low-grade wind attribute spirit stone, while Han Li had a mid-grade earth attribute spirit stone. This discovery caused Senior Martial Brother Lu’s complexion to become unsightly, and he became exceptionally frightened and alarmed.

A Qi Condensation disciple unexpectedly possessed a mid-grade spirit stone that usually only sect cultivators at Foundation Establishment or higher could obtain. This was completely unexpected since everyone knew that mid-grade spirit stones replenished spiritual power far faster than low-grade spirit stones. In terms of replenishing spiritual power, he was at a great disadvantage.

Regardless, Senior Martial Brother thought better of it. His magic power was already much deeper than his opponent’s. Even if his opponent replenished his magic power faster than he did, he wouldn’t be able to persist for long. After all, the little bit of magic power that was replenished would be consumed at the same rate as it was used. It was truly insignificant.

With this thought, Senior Martial Brother Lu calmed down and concentrated his attention.

But when Senior Martial Brother Lu saw Han Li’s next action, Senior Martial Brother Lu’s complexion changed once more to an appearance of disbelief and amazement.

Han Li voluntarily removed his blue protective barrier in front of Senior Martial Brother Lu and openly revealed his true body.

Although Senior Martial Brother Lu was outstandingly intelligent, his opponent’s actions caused his mind to be in a state of confusion. He did not know what Han Li was thinking.

Could it be that Han Li was no longer worried that his wind blades could take his life?

Senior Martial Brother Lu’s thoughts turned several times in his mind but did not hesitate for long. He decisively extended his left hand toward the sky and formed a faint azure wind blade.

However, Han Li did not wait for Senior Martial Brother Lu to finish condensing his wind blade and flung his arm toward the opponent. The huge sword rigidly tangled with the Azure Flood Dragon suddenly resonated with great radiance. Han Li actually took advantage off his preoccupation with the wind blade to suddenly shake off the azure flood dragon and shot straight toward Senior Martial Brother Lu.

In this short moment, Senior Martial Brother Lu was startled and frightened by no small amount. If he persisted in forming the wind blade and shooting it out, he may be able to take Han Li’s life. Equivalently, the giant sword would execute him, and he was also certain to lose his life, ending both sides in mutual destruction.

Although the wind wall had yet to dissipate, this huge sword was able to contend with the Azure Flood Dragon Banner’s transformation. That hurricane would certainly be easily destroyed by the huge sword, unable to obstruct it for even a fraction of a second.

This Senior Martial Brother Lu was unable to accept this outcome. He still had his originally vast future prospects and a beautiful future. He was simply unwilling to meet his end in the wilderness against this unknown person.

With this in mind, he thought no further. He gave up on the wind blade and wildly channeled all of his magic power toward the azure flood dragon and summoned it toward him.

That Azure Flood Dragon Banner was truly an amazing wind attribute magic tool. Underneath the entirety of Senior Martial Brother Lu strength, it met Han Li’s huge sword halfway and once again entered a struggle.

Seeing this, Senior Martial Brother Lu let out a sigh of relief, his body covered in cold sweat.

Thus, in the following period of time, Senior Martial Brother Lu attempted to cast magic techniques several more times, wanting to attack Han Li.

Han Li, however, used the same technique every time, forcing him to withdraw. Although Han Li hadn’t the least bit of protection, he was unable to act against him. Senior Martial Brother Lu was incomparably sullen and was forced to rely on his deeper magic power, thereby continuing to deplete it.

At this moment, Han Li took out various small herbs and such from his storage pouch and stuffed them into his mouth. As he chewed the large mouthfuls, Senior Martial Brother Lu was dumbstruck; he didn’t know what other sinister plot his opponent was planning.

He could not guess what his opponent was planning and was baffled, causing Senior Martial Brother Lu to feel bleak. He had a bad premonition. However, he cherished his life far too much. Although he was far more shrewd than normal people, he had been at his wits end for a while.

As more time passed by, Senior Martial Brother Lu’s heart gradually grew heavier.

At last, the azure dragon’s light began to dim but the huge gray streak was as dazzling as before. Senior Martial Brother Lu could not help but be frightened. He shouted out hoarsely, “Impossible! My magic power far exceeds yours. Even if you’ve been replenished by a mid-grade spirit stone, it is impossible for you to currently have energy remaining. You should have exhausted your magic power before I did!”

Soon, the azure flood dragon was on the verge of collapse. Senior Martial Brother Lu yelled out, his shout like the last bark of a wild dog that fell into a well, full of objection.

When Han Li saw his plan completely realized, he could not help but smile. After he heard the opponent’s words, his mouth slightly slanted, causing his smile to become a sneer.

He didn’t have the leisure to explain all of this to a dead man as killing him was the most urgent affair. He was also almost entirely out of magic power, so how could he afford to waste that effort on the enemy?

With this thought, Han Li paid no attention to the opponent’s question. He pointed his hand to the huge sword, causing its radiance to become even more magnificent. It gradually whittled away at the azure flood dragon until it was only a Zhang long. Its azure light was so dim that it could nearly no longer be seen.

When Senior Martial Brother saw this, he became completely desperate. Thus, the desire to stake it all rose in his heart, and his eyes gradually shone with madness.

Without speaking, he gradually retrieved the little magic power remaining in the Azure Flood Dragon Banner, causing it to return to its original form in an instant and fall from the sky. Then, without regard for the huge sword rushing forth to execute him, he used his remaining magic power to condense a huge wind blade and ruthlessly threw it toward Han Li without the slightest hesitation.

When Han Li saw this, his heart trembled. While the opponent rushed to throw the wind blade, he directed the huge sword to behead the opponent. Then without staying to look at the aftermath, Han Li fled, already rushing out several Zhang.

After previously receiving the wind blades, Han Li knew of their frightening speed. If he didn’t immediately use “Shifting Smoke Steps” to avoid it, he wouldn’t be able to defend himself. He would have been caught unprepared and be cut into two, dying with grievances, unable to rest in peace.

(TL:死不瞑目 dying with eyes open- dying with grievances)

The wind blade was truly extraordinarily fast. It already reached the place that Han Li had just fled from. However, it unexpectedly followed the direction Han Li was fleeing in, once again fiercely shooting out.

Han Li did not think any further and used “Shifting Smoke Steps” to its greatest extent. In a small area, he continuously shifted left and right, transforming into several afterimages, causing the wind blade that was closely chasing him to be unable to catch up.

Han Li clearly understood that if he fled in a straight line, he would certainly be cut down by the wind blade. By using fine and delicate movements, he would be able to defend himself without worry. This was the reason why he dared to abandon his defensive magic technique.

Puchī. The wind blade suddenly lost control and disappeared into the earth, leaving a deep groove.

Han Li let out a long breath. At this moment, he calmed his panicked heart. Using a movement technique from the mortal world to evade a cultivator’s attack was truly a frightening affair.

Han Li sat on the ground and then looked across from him.

He saw that the wind wall had already disappeared and that Senior Martial Lu, who had been hiding behind it, was cut into two pieces. The two-pieced corpse laid there motionlessly. Next to it was a huge sword with a dimming radiance.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-169
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
