# Chapter 1059: The Scarlet Cry Drum

While Han Li was releasing his flying swords, he spoke to Silvermoon in his mind.

“If I cut off the black wolf head, the devil ancestor should temporarily lose control over the body, but that could massively backfire. Wouldn’t Long Meng rush to take control of the body first?”

Silvermoon quickly explained, “With the Devil Restriction Bands’ control, the devil’s Qi is sealed and her soul won’t be able to leave the head. So long as the soul is detached from the body, I am confident in my ability to regain control. Even if Long Meng comes with her strong spiritual sense, she cannot contest with your incisive blade tempered with Auric Essence. Given that common treasures can’t harm the Silvermoon Wolf body and she would have to fight for control against the devil, she most likely wouldn’t try since she would be at a disadvantage. Of course, she can’t imagine that master possesses so many flying swords of the same make, or she wouldn’t have run off to fight for the Divine Spirit Treasures.”

When Han Li heard her, he took a deep breath and resolved himself.

Silvermoon was his artifact spirit after all. Any power she gained would directly be his as well.

He promptly formed his hands in an incantation gesture and released his flying swords in the air. Golden light sparked between them and condensed together to form a giant shimmering golden sword.

With the simple point of a finger, deep thunder boomed as a layer of golden lightning sheathed the sword. Silver strands burst from the tip to flash a silver wolf head for only a moment.

With Silvermoon directly possessing the weapon, the sword was vastly improved, and she would be able to directly enter her original body as soon as the devil was beheaded.

The huge sword blurred, cleaving through the devilish Qi like a bolt of lightning. Sparks leapt out from its wake, soon arrived near the altar in several flashes, heading straight towards the neck of the huge wolf’s black head.

The golden sword’s astonishing display naturally caught the eye of everyone that was vying for the two Divine Spirit Treasures.

Even Long Meng gave a short pause in surprise before letting out a sneer.

She didn’t believe that the sword of a trifling mid-Nascent Soul cultivator could injure the body.

But for everyone apart from her, they felt completely startled as they witnessed what would happen.

When the huge blade dropped down with immense momentum at the neck of black head, the wolf suddenly leapt up and evaded the attack.

Han Li and company were completely dumbstruck.

“It was an act! The Devil Restricting Bands didn’t restrain it!” Master Sable shouted out with a trembling voice. Daoist Sevenwonders’s face also grew unsightly, but he wasn’t about to give up. With his hands in an incantation gesture, he began to chant in an attempt to reactivate the restriction bands.

The five rings brightly flared and began to tightly shrink once more, but the wolf only gave a cheshire grin in response. It then leapt back on top of the altar without any difficulty.

A pitch-black light shined from the wolf’s center and completely enveloped it in a blaze of light before withdrawing entirely inside the wolf.

In the blink of an eye, the wolf’s sparkling silver fur dimmed and was tarnished black, the only exception being the other silver wolf head.

“...Devilform Body? When did she complete the transformation?”

When Long Meng saw this, her expression paled in disbelief.

At that same time, the wolf raised its head and released matte black waves from its mouth that rippled the air.

They was no sound and they looked as delicate as a flower.

The five emerald rings on the wolf’s body were enveloped in these waves and shattered in dim sparks of light.

With the initial attack of the golden sword missing, the blade immediately turned around and twisted its path like a viper as it made its way back to Han Li.

The wolf coldly howled in response, condensing the devilish Qi that had originally been scattered. They began to coil around the sword in blacks ensnaring threads.

Han Li raised his brow and instantly formed a hand seal, commanding the sword to release nearly half of its Divine Devilbane Lightning reserves.

Thunder rang out and a ball of golden lightning radiated from the huge sword, releasing a world-shaking eruption.

Countless arcs of lightning chaotically scattered through the air, erasing away the devilish Qi wherever it passed, greatly thinning out most of the wolf’s attack.

The huge sword then used this opportunity to piece through the opening the lightning created and instantly arrived back at Han Li’s side.

“How does so much Divine Devilbane Lightning even exist in this mortal realm?”

The huge wolf couldn’t help but glance at Han Li with a deep gaze.

Despite Han Li’s indifferent exterior, he felt his heart tremble.

No matter how powerful the wolf’s black shockwaves may be, they were extremely slow and faded away once they reached a hundred meters away from her body.

At that moment, the others felt a cold chill run down their back, feeling both relief and trepidation.

The devil ancestor was truly cunning. It was able to easily break the Devil Restriction Bands and deliberately feigned being incapacitated, luring the others to turn hostile in their fight for treasure. If it weren’t for Han Li’s wanton strike breaking her ploy, they would’ve done all the work for her as they fought for the Divine Spirit Treasure, letting her kill whoever remained.

The others then glanced at one another and dispersed in confusion.

The Divine Spirit Treasures were priceless, but now wasn’t the time to pursue them.

At that moment, a cold glint cast from the huge wolf’s eyes and she raised her claw, swiping at the air. Five translucent claw streaks ripped through the air before disappearing.

A woman’s miserable scream filled the space.

Alarmed, the others looked at the edge of the devilish Qi and saw Lady Mu rend to shreds by the claw streaks, her treasures and defenses gave without the slightest resistance. She had been caught off guard as she was occupied with fighting her bewitched junior.

Her Nascent Soul immediately emerged from the remains of her corpse and looked at the golden textile shuttle with a trace of hesitation before shooting off.

However, the Nascent Soul found her escape blocked.

The devilish Qi nearby gathered and turned into a large black hand, blurring towards the woman’s Nascent Soul in the blink of an eye.

Another step ahead, the huge wolf suddenly let out a fierce howl.

The piercing howl momentarily froze the Nascent Soul’s magic power when she was attempting to escape with instant movement.

The black hand then grabbed her and instantly dragged her into the devilish Qi.

“Stop!” Master Sable paled upon seeing this and shouted with furious alarm. He wildly poured magic power into the Heavenbound Sword and began to chop at the air with violent fervor.

In an instant, the Heavenbound Sword created unending phantoms of itself, turning countless deep yellow swordlights into a mountain of blades. With astonishing pressure, it flew forward with unyielding strength in an attempt to save Lady Mu’s life with all his might.

The others were surprised by his actions, but were nonetheless happy to witness the old man launch such a powerful attack.

Long Meng and Corpse Xiong exchanged a glance before joining in a joint attack.

Daoist Sevenwonders frowned at Master Sable’s sudden movements, but then he recalled a few rumors involving the two elders and an odd expression appeared on his face. Then after a moment of thought, he flipped his hand and summoned a half-foot-large drum.

The drum was scarlet and shined with beams of red light that almost appeared to be condensed from a raging inferno. As soon as it appeared, it instantly expanded to the size of a hundred meters, filling the entire air with senseless heat, leaving all the cultivators and demons with the sensation of being roasted alive.

When Lin Yinping saw the drum, she couldn’t help but shout, “The Scarlet Cry Drum!”

Grand Immortal Xu circled above her head in the body of the peacock and also wore an expression of astonishment.

Han Li swept his gaze and sensed the astonishing fire-attribute spiritual power. It appeared to be just as powerful as his Triflame Fan.

In his shock, he instantly recognized it to be a Divine Spirit Treasure replica.

Sevenwonders raised the drum in his hand and turned to Han Li with a blank expression, “Fellow Daoist Han, your Divine Devilbane Lightning is rather effective against devilish Qi. Let us attack together. I will use the drum to conceal your movements.”

Han Li narrowed his eyes at the offer.

Before he could respond, the great attack that Master Sable had just released made contact with the surging devilish Qi down below. A huge rumbling quaked the air.

The swordlight and the devilish Qi clashed. For a time, the two seemed to have found themselves in a deadlock. It was then that Long Meng’s large white hand and Corpse Xiong’s blood blade entered the battle. The huge wolf easily blocked this attack by releasing beams of black light from its mouth.

Not only this, but the huge jet-black wolf suddenly raised its head and spat out two black balls.

When the orbs touched the ground, devilish Qi suddenly surged from them to form two silhouettes with eagle wings.

These two pseudo-devils had the appearance of a young man with a hooked nose, each wielding a large black saber. They expanded their wings and directly flew over to the Silver-winged Nightfiend and the Lion Hawk, who have already mostly destroyed one of the formation’s stone pillars.

Before the two devils drew close to the two demons, they waved their weapons and launched sword streaks at the two.

> Source: https://novelfire.net/book/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-1059
> Pulled as original English (novelfire).
