# Chapter 1062: Devil Giant

After Han Li was thrown twenty meters through the air, he concentrated the magic power in his body in furious alarm and managed to stabilize himself. Sensing a sharp pain from his abdomen, he looked down and felt his whole body run cold.

The Tailstar Essence Shield and his protective azure light barrier now had a fist-sized hole penetrated through. His clothes and armor formed from Gold Devouring Beetles had been ripped away as well to reveal the final layer of black armor.

The armor had a three inch opening where a sparkling silver blade had dug in, piercing through his stomach.

Azure Qi lit up his face and he shouted, suddenly forming a faint golden barrier around his body. He surprisingly received another attack by a strange blade. The wind rustled and the blade ricocheted towards the sky.

Han Li quickly raised his hand to the air and grabbed onto the weapon.

It was a half-foot long and curved like a crescent moon, but upon closer inspection it wasn’t a blade at all, it was more like an incredibly sharp wolf nail.

Han Li’s heart trembled and took another look at wound at his abdomen. The wound didn’t bleed, but revealed a glistening raw flesh that seemed to be mixed with faint golden threads. It was the unyielding metal-hard flesh he had gained after cultivating the first layer of the Bright Jade Technique.

Were it not for this last line of defence, the attack would’ve pierced through his dantian, a mortal strike.

This so-called Heavenwolf Drill was truly fearsome.

In his astonishment, he raised his head and looked at the puppet in front of him. Apart from rainbow light glistening from where the two nails pierced into its body, it appeared completely ordinary.

When Han Li saw this, he was relieved.

As Tailstar Essence and Elemental Jade was used to forge the puppet’s body, its durability was difficult to imagine.

Within the black light shining from the altar, the devil ancestor was amazed that her successive attacks hadn’t resulted in a kill.

The Heavenwolf Drill was the most vicious ability of her Silvermoon Wolf body.

Each use required her to destroy one of the four nails on her claws, with each nail being something that had been painstakingly nurtured after countless years. Their might was something even a late-Deity Transformation stage cultivator wouldn’t underestimate. Even with that, Yuan Cha was using devilish Qi to control them, so their might should be even greater.

However, these two successive attacks were withstood by a mere mid-Nascent Soul cultivator — an inconceivable result!

At that moment, the black light faded away from the altar as did the huge wolf’s form, instead taking on the form of a gorgeous black-robed woman.

In addition to her black robes, she wore armor of sinister design. It was jet-black with a two-horned ghost engraved on it. Several foot-long spikes pierced out sporadically from various parts of the armor, glistening with an eerie light.

She was now glaring right at Han Li.

He gasped in alarm. “That’s-”

“- The Elder Devil’s True Fiend Armor, only capable of being used when a large quantity of perfect devil Qi is condensed in a fully devilfied body,” Silvermoon explained, “Not only is it incredibly durable, but it also gives her a second source to draw devilish Qi from, greatly increasing her abilities. In the ancient war, the demon and human clans had suffered greatly at the hands of this armor. Fortunately, only a small portion of Elder Devil were able to use this ability, or there would’ve been no war in the first place.”

“You remembered that?” Han Li spoke with surprise. Then, he commanded the puppet to take out the silver nail that was still embedded in its body. Immediately afterwards, rainbow light stirred from its body and the wounds were slowly repaired. At the same time, the Gold Devouring Beetles surrounding his abdomen stirred before closing the gap in his armor.

He even withdrew the small silver shield and had it return to its small original form as a small silver shield.

Silvermoon wryly laughed, “I’m not too sure of how much I recall, but it’s slowly coming back to me. A few of my more vague memories have become clearer, and I know much more.”

Han Li’s face stirred but he remained silent. And with the puppet fully repaired, it blurred to his side.

Yuan Cha slowly withdrew her gaze and turned to look at the confrontation of radiant and black light. With an odd expression on her face, she formed a hand gesture and uttered an incantation with a sweet voice before flicking her fingers.

Ten unremarkable black threads struck the giant stone tablet that contained the Dragon Call Crest. A series of black light began to wind around it and a loud drone thrummed out.

The stone pillars surrounding the altar shook with increasing violence.

Now with a far more stern bearing, she dropped her hair over her face, making for an eerie appearance. The alter below her immediately trembled and black light flickered from its surface as it slowly crumbled. Countless strands of pitch-black Qi then began to rush into the pillars backs.

When she saw this, she became crazed and broke out into a satisfied laughter. She pointed to the sky and shouted with a shrill voice, “Shatter!”

Black Qi gathered together above the altar and roiled to form a huge devil the size of a building.

The devil possessed the body of a gorgeous woman, but her eyes were closed. It wore the exact same armor as Yuan Cha’s incarnation did, had a delicate face, and a pair of short exquisite horns.

“Devil Ancestor Yuan Cha!” Corpse Xiong cried out with shock.

The others were also greatly alarmed. In the next instant, the huge devil slowly opened its eyes, to reveal a pair of twinkling purple abysses, like the endless void.

Just as it so happened, the combined attack of the three spirit treasure replicas broke through the wall of black light, collapsing it into countless rays.

The blazing radiance continued to rush forward, shining down upon the altar as if to envelope it in a curtain of light.

When the giant devil sensed this, it shifted its head towards the approaching light and casually lifted its hand and gave an effortless slap.

A huge explosion ruptured.

A giant black monstrous claw appeared in the air, grasping at the attack like clouds covering the moon. In a short flash, five black streaks cut through the curtain of light, completely blocking it until they found a large jade block and a small crimson drum in its grasp. In that moment, all light from the attack had faded away.

Everyone who saw it was dumbstruck.

The huge devil lowered its head with a cursory glance at the two treasures in its hand as its eyes flickered with purple light. Then, with a trace of confusion, an icy woman’s voice sounded from its mouth, “This... This is... the mortal realm?”

At that moment, Long Meng’s possessed body had condensed a silver wolf head on Hua Tianqi’s back in preparation for leaping out.

But when she saw the newly arrived huge devil in the distance, the silver wolf burrowed back into Hua Tianqi’s body. Long Meng woke up with frightened eyes and trembling body, shrieking, “Spatial Soul Crossing! That is Yuan Cha’s true soul!”

Complete shock was betrayed from the faces of the cultivators.

Master Sable and Daoist Sevenwonders had bloodless complexions. The devil claws quitely lit up with a purple flame that instantly evaporated the treasures it held.

Two Divine Spirit Treasure replicas, destroyed with laughable ease.

Afterwards, the giant devil withdrew its arms and slowly turned around to face the black-armored woman.

The woman expressionlessly met the giant’s gaze and giant devil noted, “So you still live. It seems my past efforts haven’t been in vain. So you summoned me here to deal with insects? Do you believe that my efforts are worth this much? You should know that you’ve already called me twice in the past. After this, I will be erasing you. The perfect devil Qi I used to create you here may as well be used to refine another... more reliable group of our holy race.”

With a raised brow, the black-armored woman coldly replied, “We are of the same being. I wouldn’t have done this unless I had no other choice. If it weren’t for the assistance of the True Devil Qi leaking from the altar and my desperate circumstances, I wouldn’t have been able to summon you.”

The huge devil looked down at the steady flow of black Qi from the altar and nodded, “So it was like that! Gathering me here had taken up much energy. So it wasn’t your personal devilish Qi that summoned me. It appears I’ll need to act quickly. I don’t know how long I can be sustained.” She then turned her head to look at the demons and cultivators.

Under the devil’s frigid gaze, many of them even began to silently back away in terror.

The devil gave a sadistic smile at the sight of their squirming and raised her hand before flicking her finger.

A shriek sounded out as a blur faded from sight.

The Lion Hawk that was tangling with the huge devil bird let out a miserable scream. Its body inflated for a moment before imploding.

> Source: https://novelfire.net/book/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-1062
> Pulled as original English (novelfire).
