# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2243

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

The entire abyss seemed to have been tipped upside-down; all of the surrounding seawater had vanished, while dark clouds had filled the entire sky up above, and a vast expanse of murky greyness that was tinged with specks of white light had appeared down below.

Ghostly howls rang out in the surrounding area, and gusts of glacial winds swept forth as the specks of white light slowly rose upward.

Bao Hua's expression changed drastically as she discovered these specks of white light were all skulls with white ghostly flames burning in their eye sockets, and the sheer number of them presented a chilling sight to behold.

"This is also a spirit domain?"

Han Li had felt the surrounding air instantly tighten as these skulls had appeared, and he was immediately struck by a sense of extreme peril, but nothing had actually happened.

However, an enlightened look then appeared on his face as he cast his gaze toward Bao Hua, who was currently making a rapid series of hand seals with a grim look on her face.

Her spirit domain had been shrunk down to less than a thousandth of its original size, covering an area of only around an acre.

All of the flower petal projections within this compressed spirit domain became extremely bright, while the fragrance they were emitting became several times more pronounced, and they were also fluttering through the air with far greater urgency.

However, the Stemborer Queen was nowhere to be seen outside the spirit domain. Instead, the only things that were visible were those countless white skulls.

They were blasting white flames out of their mouths to clash with the pink flower petals, sending bursts of energy fluctuations surging through the air.

With each clash that took place, Bao Hua's face would pale slightly, and a short while later, she was already sweating profusely.

"Brother Han, I've already compressed my spirit domain, but even so, I won't be able to last much longer," Bao Hua hurriedly said as an urgent look appeared on her face.

"I understand. Let me try and break through here; this isn't the True Immortal Realm, so I'm sure this isn't an actual Profound Heavenly Spirit Domain," Han Li said with a dark expression before issuing an instruction to Daoist Xie.

He then transformed into a giant golden ape that was several hundred feet tall, then sprouted two extra heads and four additional arms before thrusting his six giant fists viciously through the air.

Six head-sized balls of light erupted from his fists, then immediately appeared outside Bao Hua's spirit domain before exploding among the white skulls.

An earth-shattering explosion rang out as a vast expanse of golden light surged through the air, reducing all of the white skulls in its wake to ashes.

Han Li's attack had cleared out a wide berth around Bao Hua's spirit domain, and the pressure on her was immediately alleviated somewhat.

A hint of elation appeared on her face, yet her expression then immediately stiffened.

Countless white skulls had reappeared in the area that Han Li had just cleared out, and all of them were extremely furious. They began to blast forth white flames to clash with the golden light again, and their auras seemed to have become even more powerful than before.

Han Li was unsurprised to see this, and he murmured to himself, "As expected, they can't be killed so easily, but what about this?"

He then made a hand seal before pointing a finger forward, and the golden light exploded into countless golden runes that transformed into a golden vortex with a diameter of around 100 feet.

The world's origin Qi surged violently, and the vortex began to rotate at a rapid speed, releasing a burst of fearsome suction force that forcibly sucked in many of the nearby skulls.

More white skulls would emerge to replace the ones that had been sucked into the vortex, but the suction force of the vortex seemed to also be boundless, and it was becoming more and more powerful.

Thus, no matter how many skulls appeared, they were all drawn into the vortex and shredded without any exception.

"Oh? This is Xuanyuan Divine Light! No, it's only a replica ability. Hehe, perhaps the actual Xuanyuan Divine Light would pose some threat to me, but this is nothing."

The Stemborer Queen's chuckling voice rang out, following which a black rune emerged amid a burst of spatial fluctuations, then vanished into the golden vortex, enveloping it in a burst of power of laws.

Following the entry of the black rune, the golden vortex quickly shrank before finally disintegrating into specks of golden light.

Han Li's expression darkened slightly upon seeing this.

The power of the law of time could counteract virtually all abilities, and it was very troublesome for him to oppose.

Meanwhile, Bao Hua was injecting her magic power into her spirit domain with all her might to oppose the Stemborer Queen's Profound Heavenly Spirit Domain, while Daoist Xie was sweeping his giant pincers violently through the air, releasing massive balls of lighting that surged upward in a torrential barrage to keep the descending grey net at bay.

The giant grey net had been manifested by some type of extremely formidable power, and even though Daoist Xie was pushing his lightning output to its maximal extent, he was still unable to damage the net and could only prevent it from descending for now.

Neither of them were using any other treasures as they knew that normal treasures wouldn't work against such a powerful opponent anyway.

Han Li was silent for a moment before suddenly giving a cold harrumph.

"Your law of time is very formidable, but I wonder how many more times you can unleash it; I'm sure you can't just use such a powerful ability as you please."

As soon as his voice rang out, he thrust his fists through the air again to unleash countless golden fist projections that exploded among the sea of white skulls.

Countless golden runes surged forth, forming around a dozen golden vortexes at once, all of which began to revolve at a rapid speed.

A cold harrumph rang out, and an equivalent number of black runes sprang forth to strike the vortexes with unerring accuracy.

All of the vortexes quickly disintegrated into nothingness once again, but Han Li's expression remained unchanged as he continued to unleash more fist projections.

"How dare you!" The Stemborer Queen finally flared up with fury.

No more black runes were released, but all of the white skulls suddenly converged to form massive skeletons, each of which was over 1,000 feet tall.

These skeletons had countless skulls all over their bodies, and all of the skulls wore twisted agonized expressions, presenting a very chilling sight to behold.

There were hundreds of these massive skeletons, and all of them made hand seals to release layers of spiritual light, allowing them to be completely unaffected by the suction force of the golden vortexes.

The skeletons then cackled as gusts of fierce winds erupted from their bodies, then transformed into suits of translucent armor, as well as giant white bone tridents.

With the enhancement of the spirit domain, all of these giant armored skeleton warriors possessed auras that were comparable to Grand Ascension Stage beings, and they hurled their bone tridents viciously into the golden vortexes.

A dull thump rang out as the golden vortexes exploded one after another, and the skeleton warriors conjured up more bone tridents before hurling them toward Bao Hua's spirit domain.

Bao Hua's face paled significantly upon seeing this, but there was nothing that she could do as it was already taking all of her effort just to support the entire domain.

Of course, Han Li wasn't going to just stand by and watch. The Profound Heavenly Spiritslash Sword reappeared in his grasp amid a flash of green light, and he immediately unleashed around a dozen more green lines at once.

The green lines clashed with the bone tridents, and both sides were completely eradicated amid a resounding explosion.

Han Li had expended a lot of magic power through that attack, and in the next instant, his expression immediately darkened significantly.

The skeleton warriors had conjured up more bone tridents, and their auras had become even more powerful.

Faint black light was flashing from the tips of these tridents, and they were releasing hints of the power of laws.

"Let me assist you, Brother Han. Even if this is a true Profound Heavenly Spirit Domain, its power can't be unlimited; this is most likely the last wave of attacks the domain is capable of unleashing. As long as we can withstand this wave of attacks, the spirit domain's power will be completely exhausted," Bao Hua hurriedly yelled.

At the same time, she flipped her hand over to produce the Earth Emperor Nail, and she grabbed onto the nail before quickly plunging it into the giant floral tree that was supporting her entire spirit domain.

The giant tree was already looking quite withered due to overexertion, but in the instant that the Earth Emperor Nail was plunged into its trunk, it was suddenly infused with a powerful burst of vitality. Not only did its leaves take on an exuberant green color again, it had also swelled noticeably in size.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2243
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
