# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2244

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

As a result, the number of flower petal projections in the Profound Heavenly Floral Realm increased by close to half, and they all transformed into a series of palm-sized pink shields.

Meanwhile, all of the silver formations on Han Li's body began to emit a loud buzzing sound alongside bursts of five-colored light, which flowed into his Profound Heavenly Spiritslash Sword along his six arms.

The silver runes on the sword instantly began to glow with scintillating light, making it almost impossible to look directly at the sword.

Once all of the light faded, the sword was revealed to have swelled to over 100 feet in size, and the silver runes on its surface were moving incessantly as if they had sprung to life.

Han Li then slashed his longsword through the air, and a green halo immediately proliferated outward.

Almost at the exact same moment, the surrounding skeleton warriors also sprang into action, hurling their bone tridents forward in unison.

As soon as the bone tridents left the hands of the skeleton warriors, a string of cracks and pops rang out all over their bodies, and they disintegrated into powder, having exhausted the power that had been supporting them.

In the next instant, the bone tridents plunged into the expanding green halo, and an earth-shattering boom rang out as black Qi and green light intertwined, stirring up the world's origin Qi in the surrounding area into a chaotic frenzy.

Han Li's slash was extremely powerful, but there was no way it could withstand the full-blooded attacks of over 100 Grand Ascension Stage beings.

The green halo only lasted for an instant before it was shattered, but it had eradicated most of the bone tridents as well.

As for the dozen or so remaining bone tridents, they plunged into Bao Hua's rapidly revolving spirit domain as streaks of black light.

Bao Hua's fingers curled back slightly within her sleeves, and a burst of faint energy fluctuations erupted forth.

The revolving spirit domain immediately came to a standstill before shrinking even further, and around a dozen balls of black light suddenly appeared within it.

These balls of black light quickly fused as one, staining a large section of the spirit domain black, then abruptly vanished on the spot.

At this point, the Stemborer Queen's spirit domain seemed to have also exhausted all of its power, and it gradually faded to reveal the underwater abyss again.

At this moment, Bao Hua was holding the Earth Emperor Nail in one hand, while Han Li was standing with his sword raised before him.

The two of them had managed to protect themselves with their Profound Heavenly Treasures, but the Profound Heavenly Floral Domain had been completely destroyed.

As for Daoist Xie, he had reverted back to his human form and was standing right beside Han Li with lightning flashing around his body. The giant grey net overhead was nowhere to be seen; perhaps it had been eradicated during the clash between the powers of laws that had just taken place, or perhaps Daoist Xie dispelled it somehow.

The Stemborer Queen was floating in the water up ahead, and there was a surprised look in the eyes of its central human face.

"I didn't think that the three of you would be able to dispel my Profound Heavenly Spirit Domain with only a pair of Profound Heavenly Treasures; it's no wonder that my two clones were no match for you. Setting that Faux Immortal Puppet aside for now, you two must be among the most exceptional powerful beings of the lower realms," the Stemborer Queen said.

"I'm greatly flattered by your kind words of praise, but if it isn't for the fact that you're currently severely debilitated, we most likely wouldn't have been able to break your spirit domain even with our Profound Heavenly Treasures. It looks like you really haven't recovered much of your powers," Bao Hua remarked.

"Oh? Are you of the opinion that you gained the upper hand in that last clash?" the Stemborer Queen chuckled with a disdainful expression.

"I don't know about that, but what I do know is that you most likely won't be able to unleash any powerful abilities now," Bao Hua said with a faint smile.

"What's that supposed to mean? Hold on, what is this?" The Stemborer Queen's expression changed drastically as it suddenly raised one of its front limbs.

A thin yellow needle had been embedded into that front limb, and most of the needle had plunged into the Stemborer Queen's flesh.

A peculiar smile appeared on Bao Hua's face as she waved her Earth Emperor Nail through the air, and the thin needle on the Stemborer Queen's front limb also swelled to around a foot in length.

At the same time, it was releasing countless yellow runes, as well as a burst of power of laws that had completely encompassed the Stemborer Queen's body.

As a result, the massive Stemborer Queen suddenly shrank down significantly to only several tens of feet in size.

"You have a third Profound Heavenly Treasure? When did you manage to do this? Ah, I remember feeling a bit of discomfort during that final clash; that must've been when you struck," the Stemborer Queen said with a dark expression, and its expression darkened even further upon discovering that it was unable to access most of its magic power.

"Hehe, that's not a third Profound Heavenly Treasure; the Earth Emperor Nail is a pair of treasures, and only when the two are combined is the nail in its most powerful form," Bao Hua said as she flicked her wrist to hurl the giant yellow nail in her hand through the air.

In the next instant, spatial fluctuations erupted above the Stemborer Queen, and the second Earth Emperor Nail plunged down like lightning.

Even with the Stemborer Queen's incredible powers, it would most likely be rendered completely unable to access its magic power if it were to allow both Earth Emperor Nails to plunge into its body.

However, in the face of Bao Hua's surprise attack, the Stemborer Queen merely gave a cold harrumph as it swept a front limb through the air, swatting the second Earth Emperor Nail away as if it were a pesky fly.

It then reached out with its other front limb to catch the yellow nail that it had just sent flying.

"I was wondering why your Profound Heavenly Treasure was so weak; turns out it's a pair of treasures. I just so happen to be missing a few good treasures; I wouldn't mind adding this Earth Emperor Nail to my collection," the Stemborer Queen said with a mocking smile as it appraised the struggling yellow nail in its hand.

"Impossible! Most of your power has already been sealed away; how are you still able to do this?1" Bao Hua couldn't believe her own eyes!

She had hidden the second Earth Emperor Nail from the very beginning to be used as a sure-kill trump card, yet her plan had completely failed, and as a result, she had lost all of her confidence.

Meanwhile, a thought seemed to have occurred to Han Li, and a hint of enlightenment flashed through his eyes.

"I must say, you two are quite unlucky. If you had encountered me several hundred years ago, perhaps that plan of yours would've worked. However, in my current form, I'd be able to kill you two with ease even without access to any of my magic power," the Stemborer Queen said in a lazy voice, and her fearsome aura completely faded, only to be replaced by another type of invisible pressure that was just as formidable.

Bao Hua's face paled even further upon hearing this, while Han Li asked, "Does your confidence stem from your physical body?"

"You're a smart man. Did you really think that all I've been doing here this entire time is recover my power and attempt to break the seal? Haha, truth be told, if I wanted to break the seal, I could've done so with ease over 100,000 years ago. I chose to remain here as I wanted to use the power of the ancient seal to refine my body and attain a True Extreme Body. Now that I've achieved that objective, you wouldn't be able to harm me even if I do nothing but stand here and allow you to attack me. With this True Extreme Body, I am the most powerful being across all realms!" the Stemborer Queen chortled with glee.

As soon as its voice rang out, it swept all of its limbs through the air, creating countless thin spatial rifts.

Enormous suction force erupted out of those rifts, sweeping up the yellow runes around its body, following which all of the rifts were sealed again.

In the next instant, the Stemborer Queen reached over and plucked out the yellow nail embedded into its front limb with ease.

"Impossible! This Earth Emperor Nail has been refined by my good friend for countless years; how could it be pulled out so easily?" Bao Hua murmured to herself as her face took on an ashy complexion.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2244
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
