# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2260

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"It looks like this Spirit Monarch really is very mysterious. Do you know what kind of deal Patriarch Shi Xin struck with the Spirit Monarch in exchange for that Sanqing Lightning Talisman?" Han Li asked.

"I'm afraid that's the only piece of information I didn't manage to gather. All I know is that the Spirit Monarch asked Patriarch Shi Xin to do something very dangerous for him. Otherwise, he wouldn't have promised Patriarch Shi Xin a Sanqing Lightning Talisman as compensation," Mo Jianli replied.

Han Li and Patriarch Ao Xiao were both quite surprised to hear this.

"If it hadn't been for the injuries that I had sustained in the Elder Devil Realm, I would've most likely paid the Spirit Race a visit as soon as I returned from the Elder Devil Realm," Mo Jianli said with a wry smile.

"Why didn't you mention this to me before, Brother Mo? If we had combined our powers, perhaps we would've been able to obtain a Sanqing Lightning Talisman from the Spirit Monarch," Patriarch Ao Xiao said as his brows furrowed slightly.

"What good would that have done? You had also sustained some injuries in the Elder Devil Realm, and your heavenly tribulation was imminent. If your injuries had been worsened even further during our confrontation with the Spirit Monarch, you'd probably be in even worse shape to transcend the tribulation even with one of those talismans. However, there's some hope now that Fellow Daoist Han has returned. If I'm not mistaken, Fellow Daoist Han's aura has become even more unfathomable compared to back before he entered the Elder Devil Realm. If he's willing to make the trip with me, it's possible that we could obtain a few Sanqing Lightning Talismans from the Spirit Monarch," Mo Jianli said.

"What? You want to go to the Spirit Race with Fellow Daoist Han?" Patriarch Ao Xiao's expression changed slightly upon hearing this.

"That's right. With Fellow Daoist Han to accompany me, the Spirit Monarch wouldn't dare to plot against us even though the relations between the Spirit Race and our two races is rather strained. On top of that, we'll have to make this trip sooner or later. After all, my heavenly tribulation isn't far away, either, and I'm also not very confident that I'll be able to transcend it. In addition to that, the Sanqing Lightning Talisman will be very useful for Fellow Daoist Han as well; who knows if it could save you during a future heavenly tribulation?" Mo Jianli said.

A hesitant look appeared on Patriarch Ao Xiao's face, and he didn't say anything in response.

"Senior Mo, if those talismans really are that valuable, then the task that the Spirit Monarch wants to have done is most likely going to be extremely dangerous," Silvermoon cautioned.

Mo Jianli seemed to have already considered this, and he replied, "It's naturally going to be dangerous making a deal with the Spirit Monarch, but cultivators like us are constantly living on a knife's edge. Of course, Fellow Daoist Han doesn't have to worry about heavenly tribulations anytime soon, so if the risk really is too great, then I can try to complete the task on my own."

Silvermoon cast her gaze toward Han Li upon hearing this, then turned to look at Patriarch Ao Xiao, and a complex look appeared on her face.

"If we can obtain a Sanqing Lightning Talisman, how much would it increase Fellow Daoist Ao Xiao's chances of transcending his next heavenly tribulation?" Han Li asked.

"At least 15%," Mo Jianli replied in a concise manner.

Patriarch Ao Xiao remained silent, clearly agreeing with this figure.

"That's a significant improvement. Fellow Daoist Ao Xiao, how much longer will you be able to delay your heavenly tribulation," Han Li asked.

"10 more years at most; I won't be able to manage any longer than that," Patriarch Ao Xiao replied.

"10 years should be more than enough time," Han Li said as a decisive look appeared in his eyes.

"Obtaining the Sanqing Lightning Talismans would be greatly beneficial to all three of us, and it could save Fellow Daoist Ao Xiao from a potentially dire situation, so there's no reason for me not to go on this trip. Here, Brother Mo," Han Li said with a smile as he swept a sleeve through the air, sending a ball of white light flying directly toward Mo Jianli.

Mo Jianli reflexively caught the streak of white light to discover that it was a small white vial that was giving off a faint medicinal aroma.

"Those pills are very effective for aiding in recovery; take those pills and go into seclusion for a year, and you should be fully recovered from your injuries. When that time comes, we'll be able to go and see the Spirit Monarch with no qualms," Han Li said.

"You have my thanks, Brother Han." Mo Jianli was ecstatic to hear this, and he immediately opened the vial to examine its contents with his spiritual sense before stowing it away.

If he had only had access to normal pills, then it would've taken several times longer to recover from his injuries.

After that, Han Li turned to Patriarch Ao Xiao, and said, "Fellow Daoist Ao Xiao, if I'm not mistaken, your injuries seem to be far more severe than Fellow Daoist Mo's; even your soul appears to have been wounded."

"Back when I was trapped in the ancient seal, I fell prey to a sneak attack by several extremely powerful insects, and my soul was damaged as a result. It'll take some more time for me to recover, and I'm not 100% sure whether I'll be able to fully recover before my heavenly tribulation. If I can't, then my chances of transcending my heavenly tribulation will be even less than 5%," Patriarch Ao Xiao sighed.

"Is that true, Grandfather?" Silvermoon was distraught to hear this.

"Why would I lie about something like this?" Patriarch Ao Xiao sighed in a resigned manner.

Silvermoon immediately turned to Han Li with an urgent expression. "Brother Han, do you have..."

Han Li raised a hand to cut her off before summoning several vials of different colors, then tossed them toward Patriarch Ao Xiao. "Rest assured, I have some pills in my possession that can heal spiritual injuries as well."

"Thank you, Brother Han; I knew you'd have a way." Silvermoon was ecstatic to hear this, and her eyes were filled with gratitude as she appraised Han Li.

Patriarch Ao Xiao's eyes lit up as he caught the vials, and he also extended his gratitude toward Han Li in an ecstatic manner after examining the vials' contents.

"Haha, looks like both of us are becoming even more indebted to Fellow Daoist Han," Mo Jianli chuckled.

"It's all thanks to your help that I'm where I am today; I'm simply repaying you for the kindness that you've shown me. Once Brother Mo recovers from his injuries, we'll make a trip to the Spirit Race and try to obtain a few Sanqing Lightning Talismans. As for Fellow Daoist Ao Xiao, you just worry about recuperating and making preparations for your tribulation transcendence. Once we obtain the talismans, we'll immediately return so we don't miss your tribulation," Han Li said.

Patriarch Ao Xiao sighed as he rose to his feet before cupping his fist in a formal salute toward Han Li and Mo Jianli. "I'll be sure to remember this, but if it's not doable, then please don't force the issue. There are only three Grand Ascension Stage beings in total in our two races; it would be an extremely heavy blow if something were to happen to any of us. Even if I obtain a Sanqing Lightning Talisman, my chances of transcending my next heavenly tribulation are still quite low, so it's not worth taking too big a risk."

Han Li hurriedly rose to his feet to return the salute, while Mo Jianli remained seated, and chuckled, "Haha, I'm not doing this for you; I may not even be willing to make this trip had I not heard that the Spirit King had more than one of those talismans."

The gratitude in Patriarch Ao Xiao's eyes wasn't lessened in the slightest upon hearing this. "We've known each other for tens of thousands of years; do you think I can't tell when you're being facetious?"

Mo Jianli merely smiled and remained silent.

"Come to think of it, you must've been trying to lead me onto this topic of conversation by telling me to take a rest and stay in our human race; it looks like your concern for me wasn't genuine!" Han Li suddenly said with an amused smile.

An awkward look appeared on Mo Jianli's face upon hearing this, while a hint of color finally returned to Silvermoon's complexion.

She was very hopeful that Han Li and Mo Jianli would be able to bring back a Sanqing Lightning Talisman so that her grandfather would have a greater chance of transcending his next heavenly tribulation.

After that, they began to discuss some topics regarding the recuperation of the two races.

Han Li was informed that during these past years of effort, the damage caused by the devilish invasion had been mostly rectified, and that there were also some supremely talented young cultivators that had arisen among the two races.

Han Li was naturally quite intrigued by this, and asked some relevant questions.

Thus, the discussion continued for close to half a day before everyone departed.

That night, Han Li was reunited with his disciples in a cave abode on the holy island that was filled with extremely abundant spiritual Qi.

As Han Li swept his gaze over his disciples, a pleased look appeared on his face, but as his gaze fell upon the youngest Bai Guo'er, that pleased expression suddenly turned into surprise.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2260
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
