# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2269

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Mo Jianli was naturally quite alarmed by this, and his protective spiritual light immediately swelled as he attempted to force the chain open from the inside, but the chain merely expanded alongside his protective spiritual light, rendering him unable to break free.

Right at this moment, the Buddha projection behind the bald Spirit being had swept its rainbow badge through the air again, and a rumbling boom rang out as the surface of the badge warped and blurred before it released a huge rainbow rune.

The rune then quickly transformed into a dazzling hiltless blade of light that was around 10 feet in size. There were even facial features that had appeared on the blade, making it look as if it were a living creature.

Even with his Grand Ascension Stage power, Mo Jianli felt a chill run down his spine as he swept his spiritual sense toward the blade.

Right at this moment, the blade began to release a loud buzzing sound, and Mo Jianli's pupils abruptly contracted as he released several different defensive treasures at once, all of which transformed into balls of spiritual light above him.

These were the defensive treasures that he was able to release the quickest under the restriction of the fiery chain. There were other more potent defensive measures that he could take, but he didn't have enough time to unleash them.

All of a sudden, the light blade in the air vanished on the spot.

At the same time, the defensive treasures above Mo Jianli were all sliced in half as if they were nothing more than blocks of tofu.

After that, the light blade came slashing down viciously toward Mo Jianli, and even before it had truly descended upon him, he was already struck by a chilling sensation.

Under normal circumstances, Mo Jianli would be able to easily evade the attack, but he was currently bound by the fiery chain, so he could only look on with a furious expression as the blade came crashing down toward him.

A fierce look suddenly appeared on his face, and a miniature figure that was completely identical to him abruptly emerged out of the top of his head amid a flash of spiritual light.

He had released his Nascent Soul, which immediately rose up into the air while wielding a pair of silver swords to oppose the oncoming blade.

All of a sudden, a faint azure figure appeared beneath the blade in a wraith-like manner, and with nothing more than a nonchalant punch, he was able to destroy the light blade before appearing just over 100 feet away from Mo Jianli in a flash.

The azure figure was none other than Han Li, and he had arrived at an incredible speed to save Mo Jianli from his perilous predicament.

"Thank you, Fellow Daoist Han!" Mo Jianli was naturally ecstatic, and his Nascent Soul returned to his body again.

Now that some respite had finally arrived, he was able to make a hand seal, then opened his mouth to release a burst of white Qi that swept toward the fiery chain around him.

As soon as the two came into contact with one another, the fiery chain began to emit a peculiar sizzling sound, following which the crimson flames subsided, and cracks began to appear on the chain's surface.

Immediately thereafter, Mo Jianli grabbed onto the chain with his bare hands before violently tearing it apart.

The fiery chain was extremely powerful, but it was certainly incapable of trapping a Grand Ascension Stage being, and Mo Jianli was able to break free from it in just a short time.

As for that shattered light blade, it immediately reverted back to its original form at the bald Spirit being's behest, but the rainbow badge had become extremely dim.

The bald man cast his gaze toward Han Li and Mo Jianli, and a wary look appeared on his face as he determined that the two of them were both Grand Ascension Stage beings.

Meanwhile, the other Spirit being had thrown up several mouthfuls of blood essence as soon as the fiery chain had been shattered, and his aura was also diminished significantly.

"Junior Ling Yin and Junior Zhuo pay their respects to their seniors! Please forgive us for our insolence; we mistook you for a pair of intruders," the bald man said as he extended a respectful salute.

Han Li merely took a step forward, covering a distance of several thousand feet in the blink of an eye to reach the purple building, then inspected the pair of Spirit beings with a faint smile.

Mo Jianli arrived beside Han Li immediately thereafter, but his expression was a little sour as he said, "Those two treasures you just used definitely don't belong to the two of you; were they given to you by the Spirit Monarch?"

Even though it had been a surprise attack and his two assailants had used extremely powerful treasures, Mo Jianli was still quite embarrassed to have been forced into such a perilous situation by a pair of Body Integration Stage beings.

"Please forgive us, Senior; we were only acting on the orders of our Spirit Monarch," the bald man hurriedly replied with a slight bow.

Mo Jianli's expression didn't ease in the slightest as he continued, "So it really was the Spirit Monarch. Why did he bestow these treasures upon you two? It's clear that these treasures were assigned specifically to target Grand Ascension Stage beings like us. Otherwise, I wouldn't have fallen prey to them."

The two Spirit beings exchanged a hesitant glance, and just as the bald man was about to say something, six streaks of light suddenly descended toward them from higher up the mountain.

The two Spirit beings were elated to see this, while Han Li's expression remained unchanged, and Mo Jianli's eyes narrowed slightly at the sight of the new arrivals.

The six streaks of light faded, revealing six Spirit beings in very similar attire to the bald man and his companion.

They were also at the Body Integration Stage, and judging from their auras, they were also all carrying powerful treasures.

The expressions of all six Spirit beings changed slightly as they swept their spiritual sense toward Han Li and Mo Jianli, but they didn't seem overly surprised, and that was quite intriguing to Han Li.

The bald man was quite relieved to see the arrival of his allies, but he still remained quite respectful to Han Li and Mo Jianli. "You came at just the right time, fellow daoists. I was just about to inform you all that two Grand Ascension Stage seniors have come to visit our holy mountain. The two of us attacked these two seniors, thinking that they were intruders, and we're currently extending some apologies toward them."

Mo Jianli's expression darkened even further upon hearing this.

Now that the situation had been disclosed to more people, he couldn't teach these two Spirit beings a lesson. Otherwise, the Spirit Monarch could accuse him of bullying juniors, and that would not be a good starting point to their meeting.

The six Body Integration Stage Spirit beings immediately extended respectful salutes toward Han Li's duo as well, and a white-horned elderly man among them said with a wide smile, "It's an honor for our race to welcome two esteemed seniors like yourselves. Our Spirit Monarch is already aware of your arrival and has been waiting for you two at the Purple Qi Hall for quite some time now."

"He was aware of our arrival?" Mo Jianli faltered slightly upon hearing this, and Han Li was also rather taken aback to hear this.

"Haven't you two arranged to meet our Spirit Monarch in advance? Are you two not Senior Xue Ran and Senior Hei Lin?" the white-horned elderly man asked with a surprised expression.

It was clear that he also realized that there was some kind of misunderstanding.

The other Body Integration Stage Spirit beings were also quite befuddled by this situation.

"I've heard of Xue Ran and Hei Lin; they're a pair of foreign Grand Ascension Stage beings from the Tyrannical Continent. I've heard that they're quite powerful, but unfortunately, I've never had the chance to meet them. In any case, I am Mo Jianli of the human race, and this is Fellow Daoist Han LI; I'm not sure if you've heard of us before," Mo Jianli said with a smile.

An awkward look appeared on the white-horned elderly man's face, but the tone of his voice remained as respectful as ever as he said, "Ah, so it's Senior Mo and Senior Han from the human race; my sincerest apologies for misidentifying you. May I ask why you've suddenly come to our Spirit Race's holy mountain?"

"It's alright, we came here to meet the Spirit Monarch. Seeing as he's already waiting in the Purple Qi Hall, it looks like we came at just the right time," Mo Jianli chuckled.

Han Li was also quite amused by this situation

They had been concerned that the Spirit Monarch would refuse to see them, but there was no excuse that the Spirit Monarch could use here.

The only thing that they were slightly worried about was that they didn't know what the Spirit Monarch's intentions were behind suddenly inviting two foreign Grand Ascension Stage beings to see him.

"I... I'm not sure that's appropriate. Our Spirit Monarch only invited Senior Xue Ran and Senior Hei Lin; if you'd like to request an audience with him, I'll have to inform him and leave the decision to him," the white-horned elderly man said with a hesitant expression.

"So you're saying Xue Ran and Hei Lin can meet the Spirit Monarch, but we can't? What do you take our human race for?" Mo Jianli's smile immediately vanished as he took a step forward, releasing a devastating aura as he did so.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2269
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
