# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2293

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

As soon as the voice trailed off, around a dozen crimson shadows suddenly appeared in the stone city before exploding into clouds of crimson mist.

Immediately thereafter, a massive crimson wave rose up to oppose the oncoming sword projections and extreme mountains.

As a result, the restriction around the stone city was able to stabilize itself once again.

Han Li was naturally enraged to see this, and he immediately opened his mouth to release a massive bolt of golden light that struck the crimson wave in a flash.

A charred odor instantly wafted through the air, and the section of the crimson wave that had been struck by the bolt of lightning instantly vanished.

"That's Divine Devilbane Lightning!"

A cry of surprise rang out from within the city, followed by a faint chuckle.

Immediately thereafter, the crimson wave rapidly converged, forming a seductive young woman in a short crimson dress, and around a dozen giant beasts with wolf heads and bear bodies.

The young woman appeared to be only around 15 to 16 years of age with a set of beautiful features and an elegant figure. Her skin was as fair as jade, and she was holding a green flower basket in one hand.

She was giving off an incredibly seductive aura, and even with Han Li's mental fortitude, he was momentarily entranced.

His heart jolted slightly as he hurriedly activated his Spirit Refinement Technique to regain his focus, then swept his spiritual sense toward the woman as a solemn look appeared on his face.

To his surprise, the young woman was only at the late-Body Integration Stage. However, the attack she had just unleashed was definitely at the Grand Ascension Stage level.

As for the dozen or so beasts around her, all of them were also giving off Body Integration Stage auras, but as a collective unit, the aura they were releasing was not inferior to that of a Grand Ascension Stage being.

Han Li's mind was racing as he attempted to guess the young woman's origins, and his attacks faltered slightly as he did so.

"Who are you? Are you also an Asura Spider?" Han Li asked in a rumbling voice.

The woman's aura was very similar to that of other Asura Spiders, but it was also intermingled with some other type of familiar aura. Thinking back, this aura was similar to that of the Space Fish beings in the lava lake.

"I am the daughter of the city lord here. All you must be from foreign realms, right? May I ask how our race has offended you? How about we take a seat and have a chat instead of continuing in this senseless battle?" The young man was speaking to Han Li like an equal, completely unfazed by his Grand Ascension Stage power.

"I would be glad to have a chat, but unless you're willing to offer up the cores of your brethren, I'm afraid there's no way we'll be able to arrive at an agreement," Han Li replied.

The young woman's expression changed slightly upon hearing this, and she was just about to reply when the green-robed woman interjected from the distance, "Don't waste your words with them, Ying'er; they're here to harness our power of laws, so there can be no peaceful resolution!"

The green-robed woman's confidence seemed to have been greatly bolstered by the arrival of this young woman, and a hint of killing intent flashed through her eyes.

The young woman's brows furrowed slightly upon hearing this, and she sighed, "I wanted to try and avoid a battle, but it looks like that won't be possible. In that case, don't blame me for stepping in."

The young woman maintained a seductive smile as she spoke, but her voice had become extremely cold.

A strong sense of danger welled up in Han Li's heart, and he immediately rushed back in retreat without any hesitation.

Almost at the exact same moment, crimson light flashed in the air overhead, and a giant claw with crimson Qi swirling around it came swooping down like lightning without any warning.

The spot where Han Li had been standing just a moment ago was completely inundated by crimson mist, which quickly transformed into the young woman, while the young woman in the city transformed into one of the wolf-headed beasts around her.

Han Li was quite alarmed to see this, and he immediately pointed a finger forward, releasing a streak of azure light that reached the young woman in a flash before revolving around her like lightning.

However, the young woman remained completely unfazed by the attack, and a peculiar smile appeared on her face as she grabbed toward the streak of azure light with her bare hand.

Han Li's pupils contracted slightly upon seeing this, and he immediately activated his sword arts, upon which the streak of azure light transformed into an extremely life-like azure wyrm that devoured the young woman whole.

However, in the next instant, countless crimson threads erupted out of the azure wyrm amid a loud boom, and the wyrm was instantly blown apart.

The young woman chuckled as she re-emerged within the crimson light, while Han Li thrust a giant palm toward her from afar.

Violent spatial fluctuations erupted in that direction, and a giant hand that was around an acre in size emerged out of thin air with countless arcs of golden lightning revolving all around it, crashing down toward the young woman in a surprise attack.

Lightning flashed in all directions, and a burst of incredibly tremendous force came crashing down from above.

The young woman's smile faded upon sensing this enormous force, and her body abruptly disintegrated before being completely inundated by the golden lightning.

Once the dust had settled, only a dull and lusterless small azure sword remained hovering in mid-air.

At the same time, one of the wolf-headed beasts inside the stone city exploded into a cloud of crimson mist, which then converged to form the smiling young woman again.

A hint of surprise appeared on Han Li's face upon seeing this, and he swept a hand toward the small sword in the distance.

The sword immediately returned to him in a flash, and Han Li appraised it with an intrigued expression to find that it had turned completely dull with crimson marks all over its surface, looking as if its spiritual nature had been somewhat compromised.

Han Li rubbed two of his hands together with the small sword in between them, and following a flash of golden lightning, all of the crimson marks on the surface of the sword were instantly eradicated, returning it to its former bright azure color.

"So you're cultivating the Blood Spirit Technique of the Blood Dao; no wonder you were able to contaminate even my bonded flying sword," Han Li said as he absorbed the small sword back into his own body.

The young woman faltered slightly upon seeing the flying sword recover its spiritual nature so easily, but she then said, "I didn't think you'd be aware of the Blood Spirit Technique, and I certainly didn't think that your bonded flying swords would be refined from Golden Lightning Bamboo. It seems like I'll have to display some of my true power."

"Sure, I'm also interested to see the power of your Blood Spirit Technique. Why don't you join us, Fellow Daoist Yi?" Han Li chuckled coldly as he suddenly made hand seals with three of his hands, then pointed a finger toward the stone city.

The three extreme mountains hovering about the city instantly swelled to over 10,000 feet in size at his behest, and one of them released layers of grey light that transformed into around a dozen giant tentacles, all of which came crashing viciously down onto the light barrier below.

Meanwhile, another mountain released countless streaks of invisible sword Qi that formed a giant sword net, while the final mountain released a five-colored halo that also came crashing down from above.

Thus, the only remaining restriction in the city began to tremor violently once again.

The brocade-robed man's expression changed drastically upon seeing this, and he immediately tried to adopt countermeasures, but spatial fluctuations suddenly erupted beside him, upon which Ying'er abruptly appeared.

She then thrust a palm toward the brocade-robed man, who reflexively tried to doge.

However, she was somehow able to lay her palm onto his shoulder anyway, completely disregarding his protective spiritual light and evasive actions.

The brocade-robed man was quite alarmed to see this, and he was just about to say something when the hand on his shoulder took on a green crystalline hue.

At the same time, a burst of familiar power of laws appeared before instantly enveloping his entire body.

Under the effect of the power of laws, his mangled arm and lower body almost instantly regenerated to their former state.

Only then did the young woman remove her hand from his shoulder with a faint smile.

"That's Spirit Reversal!" Han Li exclaimed with a stunned expression upon seeing this.

This definitely wasn't an ability akin to an immortal body. Instead, it was a legendary ability that could only be unleashed once one had reached initial mastery of the law of time.

The brocade-robed man was ecstatic to see this, and an excited look appeared on his face as he hurriedly asked, "Fellow Daoist Ying, could it be that you've succeeded?"

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2293
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
