# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2302

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

The silver Fire Raven immediately spread its wings and swelled to several thousand feet in size, and its silver flames also brightened significantly to illuminate the entire sky.

Han Li immediately uttered the word "absorb" upon seeing this, and the Spirit Engulfing Fire Raven instantly lowered its head before opening its beak to release a vast expanse of silver flames, inundating all of the ice around the glacial pond.

The ice began to melt away at an astonishing rate, while specks of silver light emerged from the ice before fusing into the silver flames.

In the blink of an eye, all of the ice was melted away, and the entrance to the glacial pond was revealed once again. The silver flames continued downward to encompass the entire pond as well, and all of the glacial Qi being released by the pond transformed into wisps of silver light, white were devoured by the silver flames to further fuel them.

The Spirit Engulfing Heavenly Flames were a type of mutated flames that were very peculiar in that it combined both Yin and Yang attributes. As such, it could absorb both extreme glacial and extreme Yang attribute items to bolster its power.

As soon as the seal over the glacial pond had been undone by the Asura Spiders, the Spirit Engulfing Heavenly Flames within Han Li's body had become extremely restless, yearning to devour the glacial Qi here.

Han Li had been ecstatic to sense this.

Never had the Spirit Engulfing Heavenly Flames displayed such a strong reaction before.

He had explored several glacial regions of the Spirit Realm in the past, discovering some glacial Qi that could be absorbed by the Spirit Engulfing Heavenly Flames, but none of those had been as attractive to the flames.

The Asura Spiders were powerless to counter the glacial Qi here, but Han Li was able to do so with ease with these flames.

However, he didn't want to reveal to anyone the ability of his Spirit Engulfing Heavenly Flames to devour glacial Qi, so he had hidden this fact and assisted them in using their formation to dredge up that treasure.

Currently, Han Li was hovering in the air above the valley with an expectant look on his face.

As time passed, the glacial Qi flowing out of the pond gradually became more feeble, and it seemed that almost all of it had been devoured by the Spirit Engulfing Heavenly Flames.

Han Li's brows furrowed upon seeing this. He pointed a finger at the Spirit Engulfing Fire Raven, and it quickly shrank down to around only 10 feet in size before plunging down as a silver fireball.

As soon as the Fire Raven plunged into the silver flames down below, all of it vanished into the Fire Raven's body in a flash, following which the Fire Raven plunged into the pond.

A string of rumbling booms rang out within the pond while silver light flashed incessantly.

Meanwhile, Han Li closed his eyes, but he was still maintaining a hand seal as he uttered an incantation in a barely audible voice.

The glacial Qi emanating from the pond began to vanish at an even faster rate, and two hours later, the silver Fire Raven re-emerged from the pond.

At this point, all of the glacial Qi was already gone, and the pond had become nothing more than an ordinary pond.

Han Li opened his eyes, and a hint of elation appeared on his face as he appraised the Spirit Engulfing Fire Raven.

The Fire Raven still had silver flames burning all over its body, but beneath those flames was a translucent body, indicating that it had attained a substantial form.

It was clear that the Fire Raven had undergone another evolution after absorbing all of the glacial Qi within the pond.

Of course, this transformation was only just beginning.

The fact that the pond posed a threat even to a Grand Ascension Stage being was sufficient testament to just how potent its glacial Qi was.

Even with the Spirit Engulfing Fire Raven's immense powers, it couldn't refine and absorb so much glacial Qi in such a short time, so it could only slowly do through a slow process.

Han Li switched to a different hand seal as he prepared to withdraw the Spirit Engulfing Fire Raven, but right at this moment, it suddenly opened its beak to send a ball of white light flying directly toward him.

Han Li faltered slightly before reflexively reaching out to catch the ball of light, upon which it was revealed that this was an egg-sized translucent ball that was giving off a glacial aura.

If it weren't for his protective spiritual light and his incredible physical constitution, his hand would've most likely been harmed by the ball upon contact.

"Interesting! Did you find this in the pond?" Han Li asked.

The silver Fire Raven merely hovered before him and displayed no reaction.

Han faltered slightly before bursting into laughter. "Silly me, with your limited spiritual nature, there's no way you'd be capable of answering questions."

After appraising the ball for a while longer, HanLi swept his spiritual sense toward it, upon which a hint of surprise appeared on his face.

As soon as his spiritual sense came into contact with the surface of the ball, it naturally slid off to the side as if there were nothing in his hand.

After a brief moment of contemplation, Han Li pointed a finger at his own glabella, releasing a translucent spiritual sense thread that vanished into the ball in a flash.

"I see." On this occasion, an enlightened look appeared on Han Li's face, and after a brief hesitation, he tossed the ball up into the air before pointing a finger at it.

A bolt of golden lightning immediately erupted out of his fingertip to strike the translucent ball, which flashed violently before finally shattering amid the golden lightning.

A burst of astonishing glacial Qi swept forth in all directions, following which a blue object was revealed.

It turned out that the translucent ball contained a thumb-sized bead, which was giving off powerful spatial fluctuations.

Han Li quickly assessed the situation and soon made sense of the situation.

This glacial pond didn't just contain one sacred treasure of the Space Fish Race; there were two instead.

The larger one was the blue rock taken by the Asura Spiders, while the smaller one was this translucent bead.

Despite the size discrepancy, the spatial fluctuations emanating from the two treasures were quite comparable. However, the bead had been intentionally disguised by another treasure, allowing it to escape the detection of even Grand Ascension Stage spiritual sense, so it was clear that this one was more important in the eyes of the Space Fish Race than the blue stone.

As for its exact purpose, that was most likely something that only the Space Fish Race would know.

After a brief moment of hesitation, Han Li flipped a hand over to release a jade box before placing the bead into it and closing the lid, then quickly plastered several restriction talismans to the box's surface.

Thus, the spatial fluctuations emanating from the box were completely cut off.

After that, he stowed the jade box away before making a hand seal, and the Spirit Engulfing Fire Raven rapidly shrank down into a silver fireball before vanishing up his sleeve in a flash.

He then stomped a foot onto the ground, rising up and departing from the island as a streak of azure light.

Judging from the direction he was traveling toward, it seemed that he was going to the lava lake where the Space Fish beings were situated.

At the same time, the Asura Spiders were on their way back to the stone city, and the green-robed woman wore a concerned expression as she said, "Ying'er, will it really be alright leaving those Air Fish beings where they are? The secret of their existence has already been leaked, and we've just secured their secret treasure; what if they read between the lines and figure out what we're doing?"

"Haven't you already sent some subordinates to keep an eye on them? Just leave them where they are. Even though spatial power can be extracted from their cores, this branch has no future. Even the fully mature ones among them are only at the Spatial Tempering Stage, so there's no way we can extract true spatial laws from them. Besides, we only required their cores as we were hoping to be able to control spatial power by devouring the power within those cores. However, during my seclusion, I discovered that this method is largely ineffective."I was only able to master the law of space using a different method. Otherwise, I would most likely still be stuck at square one even now," Ying'er replied in a nonchalant manner.

"You used another method?" The green-robed woman was quite surprised to hear this.

"That's right. With the sacred treasure of the Space Fish Race in our grasp, we no longer require their cores as we already have enough, so there's no need to risk another conflict with those outsiders over something like this. Once we get back, I'll refine that man's Nascent Soul to further my mastery of the law of space-time. Once I come out of seclusion, I'll be able to produce a space-time seed for you, and when that time comes, both of us will be able to attain the law of space-time; we'll be unstoppable across all realms!" Ying'er replied with a smile.

"With your current powers, you can already contend with the average Grand Ascension Stage being; once you reach the Grand Ascension Stage, you'll most likely be comparable in power to those top-grade true spirit beings. Aside from true dragons and heavenly phoenixes, nothing will be able to stand in your way," the green-robed woman said with an elated expression.

Ying'er merely chuckled in response, but judging from her expression, she clearly agreed with this assessment.

......

A burst of yellow light subsided above the underground lava lake, and Han Li emerged before inspecting his surroundings, upon which his brows immediately furrowed slightly.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2302
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
