# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2322

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

A cold smile appeared on Han Li's face as he made a hand seal, and powerful energy fluctuations immediately erupted out of the grey light barrier in a frenzy.

Upon making contact with these energy fluctuations, the thin threads were immediately shattered.

At the same time, the golden fist projections clashed with the balls of light released by the three giant python's heads, and even though the balls of light were imbued with incredible power, they were also promptly destroyed.

As for the giant black foot that was stomping down toward Han Li, it was tremoring violently in the face of the first projections, but it was still descending bit by bit.

A cold look flashed through Han Li's eyes upon seeing this, and the giant Provenance True Devil Projection behind him suddenly vanished at his behest.

In the next instant, the space behind the Immortal Heavenly Lord twisted and warped, following which the giant golden body formed by the Provenance True Devil Projection emerged.

The golden body's three faces were completely expressionless, and two of its arms reached out like lightning before grabbing onto the Immortal Heavenly Lord's shoulders.

The Immortal Heavenly Lord's heart jolted upon seeing this, and he immediately tried to shrug off the golden body, but piercing purplish-golden light suddenly began to radiate from the golden body's hands, and the Immortal Heavenly Lord felt his own body become heavier all of a sudden, rooting him to the spot for an instant.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, the golden body thrust its other four golden fists toward the giant's chest with devastating might.

The Immortal Heavenly Lord let loose an enraged roar, and a suit of dark green armor appeared over his entire body amid a flash of black light.

At the same time, the two curved horns on his head transformed into a pair of giant black blades that were plunged forward viciously.

Two dull thumps rang out as two of the golden body's fists were repelled by the horns, but the other two fists struck the giant's chest, and the sound of cracking bones immediately rang out.

Han Li's Provenance True Devil Arts had almost been cultivated to its very maximal extent, and it was being combined with several other secret techniques, so the Provenance Golden Body was naturally far more powerful than even the average Grand Ascension Stage being could imagine.

Golden and black light intertwined in front of the Immortal Heavenly Lord, following which two massive indentations were punched into his suit of dark green armor. The suit of armor then completely shattered, and two bursts of tremendous force flooded into his body, sending him flying through the air before he could even make a sound.

An earth-shattering boom rang out down below, and the Immortal Heavenly Lord was slammed several tens of feet deep into the ground, leaving less than half of his body still above the surface of the earth.

All of this had taken place virtually in the blink of an eye.

Han Li chuckled coldly as he made a grabbing motion, and an azure longsword immediately appeared in his grasp amid a flash of azure light. With a nonchalant flick of his wrist, countless streaks of azure sword Qi was unleashed, and they transformed into a sword mountain during their descent.

The Immortal Heavenly Lord immediately tried to take evasive measures, but his meridians were in disarray in the aftermath of the heavy blows he had just received, thereby temporarily immobilizing him. As such, he could open his mouth to release a giant black shield, which transformed into a light barrier to protect him from above.

The light barrier didn't appear to be anything special, but it was able to keep most of the azure sword Qi unleashed by Han Li at bay, with only several streaks of sword Qi that were far sharper than the rest managing to pierce through the light barrier before striking the Immortal Heavenly Lord's body with vicious force.

Several deep sword wounds immediately appeared on the Immortal Heavenly Lord's body, almost slicing him in half.

However, the Immortal Heavenly Lord suddenly let loose a thunderous roar, and countless crimson threads erupted out of his wounds before intertwining to heal his injuries at an astonishing rate discernible even to the naked eye.

"Instantaneous regeneration!"

Han Li faltered slightly upon seeing this, but a derisive smile then appeared on his face as he raised his azure longsword in preparation to unleash an even more powerful attack.

However, right at this moment, the surrounding air abruptly tightened, and a series of tall flags appeared, forming a small formation with Han Li at the very center.

All of the flags then tremored slightly before releasing countless runes in a frenzy, and Han Li's body suddenly became extremely heavy, as if a series of shackles had bound his body.

He looked down to discover that the daoist priest was currently controlling the three giant badges, attempting to use them to trap him.

As for Huang Yuanzi, he had also summoned a crimson crystal ring that was flashing with red light, clearly about to attack Han Li as well.

Han Li's expression darkened slightly upon seeing this, the azure longsword in his hand and the Provenance Golden Body disappeared in unison.

Immediately thereafter, he transformed into a giant golden ape over 1,000 feet tall amid a flurry of golden runes.

He then swept his arms violently through the air, sending a burst of tremendous force surging through the surrounding space.

Most of the restriction was destroyed by this burst of power, and the flags that formed the formation began to tremor violently with some of them even being snapped on the spot.

Daoist San Quan's expression changed drastically upon seeing this, but he didn't pause even for a moment as he continued to make a series of hand seals.

All of a sudden, a sharp screech rang out, and three small snakes emerged amid a burst of spatial fluctuations, then pounced toward Han Li as three shadows of different colors.

Han Li immediately thrust a hand forward and flicked three of his fingers through the air at once in retaliation.

Three dull thumps rang out as two of the small snakes were sent flying like cannonballs, but the final crimson snake managed to evade the attack, then bit onto one of Han Li's fingers like lightning.

Han Li let loose a low roar as he flipped a hand over to grab onto the small snake, then crushed it with ease with his tremendously powerful grip.

However, not only was Daoist San Quan not disheartened to see this, a cold smile appeared on his face instead.

Han Li swept his arms through the air again to destroy the rest of the formation, and the remaining flags were also snapped in half, thereby completely freeing himself.

Right at this moment, five-colored light flashed from the giant door beneath Huang Yuanzi, and the crystal ring in his hand abruptly vanished.

In the next instant, five-colored light suddenly flashed above Han Li, and a fiery crimson cloud appeared.

A giant crystal ring then appeared around his waist as if by instantaneous teleportation before tightening viciously.

At the same time, scorching crimson flames erupted out of the ring in a frenzy to inundate Han Li's entire giant ape body.

A hint of elation appeared on Huang Yuanzi's face upon seeing this.

The crystal ring didn't seem all that remarkable, but it was actually a Profound Heavenly Holy Artifact refined from a fragment of a Profound Heavenly Treasure he had found in the cave abode of an ancient cultivator.

Not only was it able to expand and shrink at his behest, it was extremely resolute, and the flames it was releasing were comprised of several types of spirit flames that would instantly incinerate the average cultivator to ashes upon contact with even just the slightest spark of this flame.

He had used the Nine Illusion Fortune Door to instantly trap Han Li within this ring, and even if the ring couldn't kill Han Li on the spot, severe injuries were surely unavoidable, or so he thought.

In the next instant, a rumbling boom rang out within the flames, and the crystal ring flashed violently before suddenly exploding into countless fragments, following which the giant golden ape emerged in an expressionless manner, completely unscathed.

Huan Yuanzi could barely believe his own eyes upon seeing this.

A hint of astonishment also appeared on Daoist San Quan's face, but a thought then occurred to him, and he turned to Huang Yuanzi with a cold smile.

"Rest assured, Fellow Daoist Huang; this man is indeed extremely powerful, but he's just been bitten by my Blood Refined Snake and fallen prey to my blood poison. I'll count to 10, and at the end of that, all of the blood in his body would completely congeal, and he would be unable to use any magic power; there's no way he'll be able to do anything then."

"Is that true, Brother San Quan?" Huang Yuanzi was naturally ecstatic to hear this.

"I wouldn't lie about something like this. In fact, I'll prove it to you. One, two, three..." Daoist San Quan was extremely confident and began a countdown right away.

Han Li's expression remained completely unchanged as he thrust a palm through the air, sending a burst of enormous force crashing down from above.

The Immortal Heavenly Lord had only just recovered from his injuries and was in the process of getting up when he was crushed into the ground again.

His face turned as red as blood as he let loose a wolf-like howl, and black light flashed violently around his body as he swelled even further in size.

At the same time, thick veins bulged all over his body, while a series of white bone spikes began to protrude out of his skin, presenting a very unsettling sight to behold.

After completing his transformation, he clenched his hands into giant fists before slamming them viciously onto the ground.

The earth tremored violently, and two huge black rifts immediately appeared.

Using the force of impact, the Immortal Heavenly Lord was able to spring out of the crater before letting loose an enraged roar, then transformed into a gust of black wind that hurtled directly toward Han Li.

Han Li's brows furrowed slightly upon seeing this, and he thumped his own chest violently with his fists before releasing a ball of golden light out of his body.

The ball of light contained none other than the Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch, and as soon as it was released, its eyes abruptly widened, releasing a pair of translucent sword projections that plunged into the gust of black wind in a flash.

An agonized howl immediately rang out as blood rained down from the heavens.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2322
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
