# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2323

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

The Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch had no intention of holding back and quickly flicked its fingers through the air, unleashing another flurry of sword projections.

However, before these sword projections had a chance to plunge into the black wind again, a furious roar rang out as a giant blue blade that was over 1,000 feet in length emerged in retaliation.

This was a peculiar blade with a slight curvature that resembled both a saber and a sword, and it was releasing fearsome glacial power.

The Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch merely appraised the giant blade with a wooden expression, and the sword projections it had unleashed suddenly fused as one, forming a giant sword projection that was several hundred feet in length at his behest.

The two massive blades clashed, and a crisp crack rang out as the giant blue blade was sliced in half down the center.

The sword projection was far too powerful for the average treasure to be able to withstand, and without the blue blade acting as impediment, it was able to instantly plunge into the black wind again.

A cry of alarm rang out as the gust of black wind surged violently, transforming into a massive tornado, but countless translucent sword projections suddenly appeared within the tornado, quickly slicing it apart.

The Immortal Heavenly Lord was then sent flying out of the black wind, and only after stumbling back over 1,000 feet was he able to steady himself.

At this moment, he was looking very much worse-for-wear.

Not only was his body riddled with wounds, one of his legs had gone missing.

A giant bone shield that was giving off layers of black light had appeared in his hand, but it was also missing a good chunk.

The Immortal Heavenly Lord was staring intently at the Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch, and aside from fury and wariness, there was also a hint of fear in his eyes.

Even with such severe injuries, the Immortal Heavenly Lord was able to regenerate at an incredible speed, and even his severed leg was quickly taking shape again.

The Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch's eyes narrowed slightly upon seeing this, and it pointed a finger toward the Immortal Heavenly Lord from afar.

Countless invisible sword projections immediately appeared around the Immortal Heavenly Lord, then rapidly converged toward the center.

At the same time, the Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch also began to fly toward its opponent.

The Immortal Heavenly Lord let loose a furious roar as he thumped a fist into his own chest. Black light immediately surged over his body, and all of his white bone spikes shot forth as streaks of white light to oppose the oncoming sword projections.

At the same time, he hurled his broken shield viciously toward the approaching Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch.

The bone shield transformed into a grey wheel of light as it flew through the air, while the Immortal Heavenly Lord abruptly vanished on the spot.

In the next instant, he reappeared several thousand feet away amid a burst of spatial fluctuations.

A resounding boom rang out as the Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch shattered the oncoming bone shield with its fist, then pounced toward the Immortal Heavenly Lord in the distance with a cold expression.

The Immortal Heavenly Lord's heart jolted as he looked down at his own reforming leg, which was only less than half regenerated, and he gritted his teeth as he teleported elsewhere once again.

However, the Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch had no intention of allowing him to recover as it changed directions to continue pursuing its target.

Thus, an impasse ensued in the form of a perpetual chase.

At this moment, Daoist San Quan finally completed his count of 10, and he was stunned to see that Han Li was still alive and well, appraising him with a cold expression.

"Impossible! Even an immortal body wouldn't be able to survive my blood poison; how could you possibly be unscathed?" Daoist San Quan exclaimed in a panicked manner.

"You think your paltry blood poison can spell my downfall? What a joke! Having said that, it was quite impressive that the little snake was able to bite through my skin," Han Li said with a cold smile, then thrust his other palm toward the bitten finger.

An inky-black line of blood was immediately expelled out of a barely visible fang wound on the fingertip.

The blood poison had been instantly forced out of Han Li's body.

In reality, with Han Li's current physical constitution, the blood poison would only cause him some slight discomfort even if it were allowed to spread.

He had cultivated the Chaotic Myriad Poison Body that granted him immunity to all poisons, so this blood poison naturally wasn't going to do anything to him.

A hesitant look appeared on Huang Yuanzi's face upon seeing this, and after taking a glance at the Immortal Heavenly Lord, who was being chased around like a wounded dog by the Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch, a fierce look appeared on his face as he suddenly stomped a foot down onto the giant door beneath his feet.

The door immediately vanished as a faint trace of light, then abruptly reappeared directly above Han Li.

Huang Yuanzi was still standing atop the door, and he wrenched off one of his own arms before detonating it into a cloud of blood mist, which quickly disappeared into the giant door down below.

It was quite apparent that he was about to unleash some type of powerful secret technique, and Han Li certainly wasn't going to just stand by and watch.

A cold look flashed through his eyes as he threw a devastating punch at the giant door.

As soon as he did so, the entire sky dimmed as a burst of invisible spiritual pressure surged toward Huang Yuanzi and the massive door in a frenzy.

Right at this moment, Huang Yuanzi let loose a shrill cry, and countless bright red threads erupted out of his skin before vanishing into the giant door as faint crimson shadows.

A resounding boom rang out as the space where the giant door was situated rippled like water, and the burst of tremendous spiritual pressure passed directly through that area, only dissipating after sweeping through the air for several thousand feet.

"So this is an illusion technique," Han Li mused with a hint of surprise in his eyes, but a cold smile then appeared on his face as he made a hand seal, preparing to unleash a secret technique to dispel his illusion.

With his spirit eye ability and his enormous spiritual sense, which was comparable to that of a true immortal, unleashing an illusion technique against him was virtually akin to suicide.

However, right at this moment, Huang Yuanzi's voice rang out from above. "I'll concede that I'm no match for you, but how does it benefit you to become involved in this matter? I swore an inner demon vow prior to this trip that I wouldn't leave this place until I killed Qing Yuanzi. If you're willing to leave now, I'm willing to hand over the majority of my belongings as compensation. Otherwise, I'll have to take you down with me."

"You think you can take me down with you with this measly illusion?" Han Li chortled as blue light flashed through his eyes, and he lashed out like lightning, threatening to tear through even the space up ahead with his fingers.

A low roar rang out as five-colored light flashed from the spot that his hand was grabbing toward, and a crimson humanoid figure appeared before immediately vanishing in a flash.

Han Li withdrew his hand and inspected it to find several strips of yellow fabric and traces of blood on his fingertips.

Even though he hadn't managed to successfully grab Huang Yuanzi, he hadn't completely failed, either.

Han Li's brows furrowed upon seeing this, seemingly slightly surprised by this turn of event.

"You forced me to do this! Let me show you the true power of the Nine Illusion Fortune Door!"

Huang Yuanzi's enraged voice rang out from up above, followed by a burst of urgent chanting.

All of a sudden, spatial fluctuations erupted before Han Li, and nine identical white doors abruptly appeared amid a flash of spiritual light.

Each door was over 100 feet tall with a translucent appearance, and as soon as they appeared, they began to release countless crimson runes. These runes then transformed into countless thumb-sized grey bead, all of which were riddled with thin crimson threads.

Furthermore, they were giving off an aura that was quite threatening even to Han Li.

"Hierarchical Yin Corpse Lightning!" Han Li drew a sharp breath upon identifying these beads, and he immediately made a hand seal, conjuring up countless azure threads that hurtled directly toward these beads.

Hierarchical Yin Corpse Lightning was imbued with traces of the power of destruction, and even Han Li didn't dare to face so many of them head-on.

However, there was a delay in the detonating of this lightning, and that was enough time for him to slice them apart with his sword threads.

Much to Han Li's surprise, the azure threads struck the grey beads, only to pass directly through them as if they were mere illusions.

A hint of astonishment appeared on Han Li's face upon seeing this.

He had used his spiritual sense to examine these beads prior to releasing these swords threads, but he hadn't discovered anything amiss about them.

Han Li's mind was racing as the beads continued to fly toward him, and he suddenly reached out to draw one of the grey beads that was several hundred feet away into his own grasp.

As soon as the bead came into contact with his hand, his palm began to heat up, and his expression changed drastically upon sensing this. "These aren't illusions!"

The grey bead exploded violently in his hand into a ball of grey light, completely inundating his body in a burst of enormous power.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2323
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
