# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2370

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

After a brief silence, Xiao Ming cleared his throat, yet just as he was about to say something, a faint buzzing sound rang out from the silver runes before them, and they converged again to form a silver formation.

The entire formation lit up, and spatial fluctuations erupted from its center, following which a massive hole appeared.

A man and a woman then flew out of the hole, and the man faltered slightly at the sight of Xiao Ming's trio before a hint of a smile appeared on his face. "What a coincidence; I didn't expect to see you here, fellow daoists."

Meanwhile, the woman beside him was appraising Xiao Ming's duo with a hint of surprise and wariness in her eyes.

This duo was comprised of none other than Han Li and Fairy Ice Soul.

The expressions of Xiao Ming's trio changed drastically upon seeing this, and they quickly exchanged a glance with one another.

Among all of the potential situations they had anticipated, this was the worst one.

"Have you already obtained Daoist Tian Ding's inheritance, Brother Han?" Xiao Ming asked with a dark expression.

"No, but my companion did. Is there a problem?" Han Li replied with a nonchalant smile.

Even if he were to deny this, there was no way Xiao Ming would believe him, so he decided to admit it instead.

Xiao Ming's trio was quite surprised to hear this, and they immediately turned their attention toward Fairy Ice Soul, upon which a flash of recognition and astonishment surfaced in Xiao Ming's eyes.

It was clear that he had mistaken Fairy Ice Soul for the blood soul, and he was stunned that her cultivation base had increased so drastically in such a short time.

Daoist Qing Ping and Mistress Wan Hua had naturally also noticed this, and they were quite perplexed as well, but in contrast with this, the fact that Daoist Tian Ding's inheritance had already been obtained by someone else was naturally a far more pressing concern.

Xiao Ming heaved a resigned sigh as he said, "The three of us also ventured into this place for Daoist Tian Ding's inheritance, but with Brother Han here, we naturally can't try to take the inheritance from this fellow daoist by force. How about we made a deal? We won't ask for any of the treasures left behind by Daoist Tian Ding, but we'd like to each get a replica copy of his cultivation arts, secret techniques, and tribulation transcendence methods. Of course, we'll offer you satisfactory compensation in exchange."

"That sounds like a good arrangement. What do you think, Fellow Daoist Ice Soul?" Han Li asked.

"I did obtain several of Senior Tian Ding's cultivation arts, but they were all imprinted directly into my spiritual sense through a secret technique. The secret technique also contained a blood vow restriction that prohibits me from passing on these cultivation arts to anyone else before I achieve full mastery in them. Otherwise, I run the risk of perishing from having my Nascent Soul explode. As for tribulation transcendence methods, I'm afraid there aren't any. According to the records left behind by Senior Tian Ding, he was only able to transcend so many major heavenly tribulations as he had once consumed the seed of a Cloud Lightning Immortal Fruit," Fairy Ice Soul replied with a wry smile. Everyone else faltered slightly upon hearing this.

"Isn't the Cloud Lightning Immortal Fruit something that can only be found in the True Immortal Realm? If Daoist Tian Ding really did consume a seed from this fruit, then it explains how he was able to transcend so many major heavenly tribulations. However, how do I know if you're telling the truth?" Daoist Qing Ping asked as his brows furrowed slightly.

"How do you want me to prove this?" Fairy Ice Soul asked in a cold voice.

"I've cultivated a secret technique that can read one's memories without harming their soul as long as they're willing to open up their spiritual sense to me..."

"Don't even think about it! Opening up one's spiritual sense is no different from placing one's life in someone else's hands; no one would open up their spiritual sense to a stranger!" Fairy Ice Soul immediately rejected.

"What do you think, Fellow Daoist Han? Surely you can't just expect us to go away empty-handed," Daoist Qing Ping said as he turned to Han Li with a dark expression.

"My companion doesn't wish to comply, so that will be the end of this discussion. If you don't want to go away empty-handed, you can go inside and search through the area; perhaps you might find something. We'll be taking our leave now," Han Li replied in a nonchalant manner.

"What? You can't just leave!" Mistress Wan Hua exclaimed in a furious manner.

"Why not?" A cold look appeared on Han Li's face, and he took a step forward, releasing a fearsome aura that would strike fear into even an ordinary Grand Ascension Stage being's heart.

Daoist Qing Ping and Mistress Wan Hua were both forced to stumble back a few steps in the face of this formidable aura.

In contrast, Xiao Ming only shuddered slightly before steadying himself, but a layer of crimson light had appeared over his mask.

Han Li's eyes narrowed slightly upon seeing this, and he took another step forward as his aura swelled even further.

Xiao Ming felt as if he were facing a ferocious ancient beast, and he gave a muffled groan as he also took an involuntary backward step.

A hint of wariness flashed through his eyes, and he said, "As expected, you really did conceal most of your power during our sparring match with Fellow Daoist Wan Hua; your magic power is most likely not inferior even to that of ancient true spirit beings."

Han Li offered no reply as he clasped his hands behind his back, and his aura didn't abate in the slightest as he appraised the trio in silence.

Hesitant and indignant looks had appeared on both Mistress Wan Hua and Daoist Qing Ping's face. It was clear that they didn't want to give up on Daoist Tian Ding's inheritance, but at the same time, they were very fearful of Han Li.

After taking a meaningful glance at Han Li, Xiao Ming sighed, "Let's go."

"What? How can we just leave like this, Brother Xiao?" Daoist Qing Ping's expression changed drastically upon hearing this.

"Even the three of us combined most likely wouldn't be a match for Fellow Daoist Han, so why not spare ourselves the embarrassment? Do you have something up your sleeve that can allow us to oppose Brother Han?" Xiao Ming asked in a calm manner.

Daoist Qing Ping faltered slightly upon hearing this before shaking his head with a wry smile.

Right at this moment, a seductive female voice suddenly rang out in the distance. "Hehe, then how about the two of us join you as well?"

Immediately thereafter, spatial fluctuations erupted in the distant sky, and two streaks of light shot forth at an incredible speed, arriving on the scene in the blink of an eye.

The two streaks of light then faded to reveal Patriarch Wu Gou and Fairy Hua Xi.

Fairy Ice Soul's heart immediately sank upon seeing this, while Han Li's expression remained completely unchanged as he cast his gaze toward the duo.

"Why are you two here?" Daoist Qing Ping was stunned by this sudden turn of events.

"I'm afraid that's a secret," Fairy Hua Xi replied with a mysterious smile.

All of a sudden, a thought seemed to have occurred to Xiao Ming, and his expression darkened slightly as he said, "Fellow Daoist Wan Hua, Fellow Daoist Qing Ping, examine yourselves to see if something's been planted on you."

"Surely not! There's no way we would've failed to notice something like that," Mistress Wan Hua exclaimed, but she still did as suggested, hurriedly releasing her spiritual sense to examine her own body from the inside to the outside.

Daoist Qing Ping also began to examine his daoist robes and the accessories he was wearing.

Moments later, Mistress Wan Hua screamed as she suddenly pulled a near-transparent flying insect out of her hair.

The insect was only around half an inch in length and as thin as a strand of hair.

"This is a Spotless Insect! No wonder I wasn't able to detect it at all; when did you plant this on me?" Mistress Wan Hua immediately crushed the insect in a furious manner.

"Of course it was prior to entering the Heavenly Cauldron Palace. Otherwise, who would we have followed you all the way here? It's your fault for failing to keep your plan confidential," Fairy Hua Xi replied with a smile, completely unfazed by Mistress Wan Hua's fury.

"Looks like I'll have to clean out some pests once I get back. Having said that, it's not a bad thing that the two of you followed us here. Brother Han, now that we have two more allies, have you changed your mind?" Daoist Qing Ping asked as he turned to Han Li again.

"I won't repeat myself; either get out of here now, or face me in battle," Han Li replied in a nonchalant manner, seemingly completely unafraid of the five Grand Ascension Stage beings.

Such a response evoked a sense of fury in the hearts of not just Daoist Qing Ping and Mistress Wan Hua, but also Fairy Hua Xi.

Daoist Qing Ping forcibly repressed his own rage as he turned to Xiao Ming. "What do you say, Brother Xiao?"

"If you insist on resisting, then you'll be placing me in a very difficult situation, Brother Han. I'm aware that you possess unfathomable powers, but there's no way we'll be able to just let you and your companion leave. Let me ask this a final time: is there any room for negotiation here?"

"Hehe, if Fellow Daoist Ice Soul could replicate a few copies of the cultivation arts she obtained, then I'd want to avoid this battle as well. However, as things currently are, I'll have no choice but to stand against you," Han Li chuckled.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2370
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
