# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2372

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

However, in the next instant, the giant pincers were rubbed together vigorously, and the silver lightning abruptly swelled up, eradicating the fiery chains before forming a ball of lightning that hurtled through the air.

Mistress Wan Hua's heart jolted slightly upon seeing this, and he quickly made a hand seal, upon which the top of her head opened up to release a green wooden shield.

At the same time, the giant black lion behind her released a pillar of black light amid a thunderous roar.

The ball of lightning struck the wooden shield before being repelled, following which the pillar of black light pierced through it and eradicated it in a flash.

However, instead of being elated to see this, Mistress Wan Hua's expression darkened even further as she swept her sleeves through the air, releasing countless black flying needles that formed a formation filled with surging black Qi.

The fact that such a casual strike from the giant golden crab had been this powerful told her that she would have to focus entirely on facing this opponent, thereby preventing her from going after Fairy Ice Soul.

Daoist Qing Ping was naturally very frustrated to see this. Who would've thought that someone would suddenly step in to foil their plans?

After witnessing the fearsome attack that the golden crab had just unleashed, he also knew that he would be able to count on Mistress Wan Hua anytime soon.

With that in mind, he swept his horsetail brush through the air, releasing a torrent of azure threads that was around twice as dense as before toward his target. At the same time, he raised his other hand, hurling the azure mirror forward as a ball of azure light.

All of a sudden, a black and white Yin Yang diagram appeared on the mirror's surface, then abruptly emerged above Fairy Ice Soul.

A burst of rumbling rang out as wooden sticks that were each several inches in length flew out of the diagram before swelling to several tens of feet in length, then crashed down from above amid a flurry of azure runes.

Daoist Qing Ping had also identified that Fairy Ice Soul had only recently reached the Grand Ascension Stage, so he was exerting immense pressure on her from the get-go to try and capture her as quickly as possible.

In the face of the azure runes and giant logs, the ice barrier quickly began to struggle, and finally, a series of thin cracks began to appear on its surface.

However, Fairy Ice Soul wasn't all that alarmed to see this. Instead, she took a deep breath before sitting down with her legs crossed, then made a hand seal, a huge snowy white turtle projection suddenly flew out of the top of her head.

The turtle had countless translucent ice spikes on its shell, and its entire body was giving off a glacial aura. As soon as it appeared, it opened its mouth to expel one ball of white glacial Qi after another, all of which vanished into the ice barrier in a flash.

As a result, the struggling ice barrier immediately lit up, and the cracks that had just appeared were instantly sealed, thereby stabilizing the entire barrier again.

"That's the Glacial Xuan Wu Turtle!" Daoist Qing Ping exclaimed at the sight of the ice turtle before quickly making a series of hand seals, upon which a giant daoist priest projection appeared behind him.

This daoist robes worn by the projection had a Yin Yang diagram emblazoned on its surface, and as soon as the projection appeared, countless specks of starlight converged from all directions in a frenzy, causing the projection to expand in size by over tenfold, swelling to over 1,000 feet tall.

Right at this moment, Daoist Qing Ping made a hand seal with a solemn expression, and the giant daoist priest projection behind him rubbed its hands together before raising them in unison, releasing a vast expanse of white lightning that surged toward the ice barrier with devastating force.

Fairy Ice Soul's expression changed slightly upon seeing this, and she injected more of her magic power into the turtle projection above her, upon which it also expanded drastically, and the amount of glacial Qi it was releasing increased by roughly twofold.

With this increased influx of glacial Qi, the ice barrier was able to keep all of the oncoming attacks at bay.

Daoist Qing Ping's heart sank slightly upon seeing this, and only then did he realize that even though his opponent was slightly lacking in power, her ice-attribute cultivation arts were extremely profound.

If she were to continue to persist in her passive defence, it would be very difficult to take her down in a short time.

Thus, he could only continue to attack the ice barrier with all his might, hoping to exhaust his opponent's magic power before capturing her.

As for Mistress Wan Hua and the giant golden crab, they were also locked in a fierce battle that didn't look as if it would conclude anytime soon.

Meanwhile, after a series of probing clashes to feel out one another's abilities, Han Li and his opponents were finally beginning to display their true power as well.

Seeing as the fist projections alone weren't enough to defeat the Nine-eyed Blood Toad, a cold light flashed through Han Li's eyes, and the Provenance True Devil Projection appeared behind him amid a flash of golden light before substantiating into the Provenance Golden Body. The three faces of the golden body were identical to Han Li's but each wore a different expression.

Han Li then let loose a long roar as he laid a hand onto the top of his own head, releasing a burst of black Qi that vanished into the golden body in a flash.

The Provenance Golden Body shuddered slightly before instantly opening its six eyes in unison, then abruptly disappeared on the spot.

In the next instant, the Provenance Golden Body appeared above the Nine-eyed Blood Toad amid a burst of spatial fluctuations, then conjured up a giant golden blade in each of its six hands.

The golden blades were around 300 to 400 feet in length, and as they were slashed through the air, countless streaks of sword Qi were released, forming a golden tornado that swept toward the Nine-eyed Blood Toad down below.

Even before the golden tornado had truly descended, it was releasing golden blade projections that were threatening to tear the surrounding space apart.

Xiao Ming's heart jolted slightly upon seeing this, and he didn't dare to use his toad tongue to oppose the golden blade projections.

Instead, he let loose a loud croak, and countless silver runes appeared on the bulges on his back before leaving his body and quickly intertwining to form a silver net.

The golden blade projections that struck the net all vanished into it in a flash, and taking advantage of this opportunity, the Nine-eyed Blood Toad's stomach bulged before it opened its mouth again, releasing an azure ball of light that was around 10 feet in diameter with countless crimson threads on its surface.

The ball of light struck the oncoming tornado in a flash, and an earth-shattering boom rang out as the golden tornado dissipated, revealing the Provenance Golden Body behind it.

At this moment, half of the giant blades being wielded by the golden body had been destroyed, and a massive hole had been blown into its chest.

However, there was no blood or flesh in the wound, and it was quickly regenerating from converging specks of golden light, while the destroyed blades in its hands were also replaced.

As soon as the Provenance Golden Body fully recovered, it slashed its six golden blades downward once again.

The Nine-eyed Blood Toad didn't want to continue to fight fire with fire, and it abruptly shrank down drastically while releasing clouds of crimson mist out of its back, forming a sea of mist that inundated its entire body.

The Provenance Golden Body displayed no intention of retreating upon seeing this, and instead, it plunged directly into the sea of mist as a gust of fierce wind.

Moments later, a string of rumbling explosions rang out, indicating that a ferocious battle was taking place.

A cold smile appeared on Han Li's face upon seeing this, and he reached out toward the crimson mist with a giant furry hand.

However, in the next instant, his expression suddenly changed slightly, and his head swiveled around 180 degrees, while his outstretched hand also clenched into a tight fist before shooting backward like lightning.

Almost at the exact same moment, a grey shadow appeared behind him amid a burst of spatial fluctuations, then reached out toward Han Li's back with an azure hand.

A rank odor was emanating from the fingertips of the azure hand, and it was immediately struck by Han Li's punch.

As soon as the clash took place, a burst of golden shockwaves surged through the air, and the grey shadow was sent flying, having been caught off guard.

However, it then immediately unleashed some type of secret technique, allowing it to twist around before flying toward Han Li again from an incredible angle.

Han Li let loose a thunderous roar as he completely turned around before unleashing countless fist projections, transforming the entire space around him into a world of fierce golden wind.

However, the grey shadow seemed to be completely weightless, and even though it was being sent flying over and over again by the fist projections, it remained completely unharmed while continuing to pester Han Li from nearby.

Even after unleashing several hundred punches, the grey shadow still remained completely unaffected.

A cold smile appeared on Han Li's face upon seeing this. "That's a very interesting cultivation art that's allowing you to nullify the majority of the force of my attacks, but let's see if it'll stand up to a sword strike."

As soon as his voice trailed off, he withdrew his fists before sweeping a finger toward the grey shadow from afar, releasing an azure sword projection that sliced the grey shadow apart like lightning.

However, the grey shadow didn't shed even a single drop of blood and merely vanished on the spot.

Spatial fluctuations then erupted several hundred feet away, and another grey humanoid figure emerged.

It turned out that the grey shadow had already escaped using a secret technique, and what had been sliced apart by the sword projection was nothing more than an afterimage.

However, the features of the grey figure had been completely exposed, and it was none other than Patriarch Wu Gou.

Han Li's pupils contracted slightly upon seeing this, and he cast his gaze toward Fairy Hua Xi, who was still opposing one of the extreme mountains with her rings.

The fiery golden giant stood not far away from her, releasing countless golden fireballs out of its two hands to oppose the second extreme mountain.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2372
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
