# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2377

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

A burst of thunderous rumbling rang out, and a giant rainbow light barrier suddenly appeared around 100 in front of the young man.

The balls of lightning and scintillating sun struck the light barrier before exploding violently, sending an enormous burst of energy erupting into the heavens, threatening to tear apart and devour everything.

In the face of such a fearsome explosion, the rainbow light barrier only flashed slightly but remained completely resolute, keeping the explosive force at bay.

Right at this moment, the entire sky suddenly dimmed, and a semi-transparent giant hand emerged out of thin air.

The hand was smooth and translucent with countless golden runes flashing over its surface, and it made a grabbing motion, upon which the entire sky tremored violently as a burst of indescribable power descended from above.

Tens of thousands of feet away, the purple-armored man's Nascent Soul was suddenly forced to stumble out of thin air.

Even though it had already fled this far, its teleportation had suddenly been disrupted by the burst of power descending from the heavens, thereby forcing it to reveal itself

Before the alarmed Nascent Soul had a chance to try and teleport away again, the massive hand in the sky swooped down upon it before gently pointing a gigantic pillar-like finger at its head.

In the face of the giant finger, the Nascent Soul disintegrated into specks of spiritual light before it even had a chance to make a sound, and the specks of light were all absorbed by the huge finger.

The black-robed young man then waved a hand through the air, and the rainbow light barrier before him crumbled away, but instead of immediately departing, he turned toward a certain direction, and said, "You've been watching for quite some time now; isn't it about time you two came out?"

However, he was greeted by nothing but silence.

"Hmph, so you insist on making me force you to reveal yourselves," the black-robed young man harrumphed coldly as he pointed toward that direction in a casual-looking manner.

Red light flashed in the distance, and a bolt of crimson lightning came crashing down, causing the nearby space to ripple violently.

"You knew we were here all along?" A stunned voice rang out, seeming out of thin air.

Immediately thereafter, a man and a woman appeared amid a flash of spiritual light.

Both of them were wearing white robes, and the man had golden and silver spirit patterns etched on either side of his face, which bore a strong resemblance to Han Li.

As for the woman, this was an icy beauty with skin as fair as snow.

These two were none other than the Six-winged Frost Centipede and the Ice Phoenix who had been forced to accompany him on his journey.

They were originally on the Thunder Continent, but they had somehow made their way onto the Blood Sky Continent.

"You think your pitiful concealment abilities can fool me? What a joke! Having said that, the two of you are quite interesting. Both of you possess mutated ice-attribute true spirit bloodlines; that's very rare even in the True Immortal Realm. I'm in a good mood today, so I can spare you two. From now on, you can be my spirit slaves; I just so happen to be missing a couple of servants to run my errands for me in this realm," the black-robed young man said as he appraised the duo with a hint of intrigue in his eyes.

"Spirit slaves? You really are a true immortal! But that's impossible! The True Immortal Realm had lost contact with all other realms countless years ago; how could a true immortal arrive in this realm?" the Six-winged Frost Centipede exclaimed in an astonished manner.

The Ice Phoenix was also quite bewildered to hear this.

"Hmph, you think we've lost contact with all realms? We've only lost contact with this small cluster of realms. On top of that, the True Immortal Realm isn't actually unable to contact your realm; it's just that a heavy price would have to be expended, and it simply isn't worth it under normal circumstances," the black-robed young man harrumphed coldly in response.

The 's heart jolted slightly upon hearing this, and having witnessed the power displayed by the young man to easily slay those three Grand Ascension Stage beings, he was almost fully convinced that this man was indeed a true immortal.

However, there was no way that he would ever agree to become a spirit slave for anyone.

The black-robed young man could see the indecision in the 's eyes, and he chuckled, "I'll give you 10 breaths to consider. If you don't agree, hehe..."

"There's no need for that; I can give you an answer right now. You're dreaming if you think I'll become your spirit slave; I wouldn't consider it even if you kowtowed to me right now!" the Six-winged Frost Centipede retorted with a hint of mockery in his eyes.

"How dare you speak to me like this!" The black-robed young man could barely believe his own ears, and an astonishing baleful aura erupted out of his body before sweeping forth in all directions.

The surrounding space twisted and warped violently in the face of this baleful aura, and there were even thin white spatial rifts appearing, as if this entire space were about to be torn apart.

The Six-winged Frost Centipede immediately slammed a fist into his own chest upon seeing this, following which a translucent bead encompassed within a ball of blue blood essence was released out of his mouth.

As soon as the bead appeared, it transformed into a pair of translucent wings that instantly attached themselves to his back.

At the same time, he swept a sleeve through the air to release a burst of glacial light that swept up the Ice Phoenix, then transformed into his frost centipede form.

However, in addition to the three pairs of wings on his back, there was also a fourth pair formed by the bead.

He flapped his eight wings in unison and immediately shot forth as a white thread, vanishing into thin air in a flash, leaving only the sound of an object whistling through the air in the extremely far distance.

Such an astonishing movement technique came as quite a surprise even to the black-robed young man, but his expression quickly returned to normal as he scoffed, "How foolish, do you really think this movement technique will allow you to escape from me?"

As soon as his voice trailed off, the river of blood beneath his feet surged upward in a frenzy before being absorbed into his body down to the very last drop within the span of just a few breaths.

As a result, his aura was enhanced by severalfold, yet just as he was preparing to give chase, countless purplish-golden runes suddenly appeared around him before forming a shimmering golden chain that sprang toward him in a flash.

His expression changed slightly upon seeing this, but for some reason, he made no effort to evade.

Thus, the chain wound itself around his body, and the fearsome aura that he was releasing instantly dissipated.

At the same time, his face paled slightly as he threw up a mouthful of silver blood essence, and only then did the purplish golden chain disappear.

He cast his gaze toward the direction that they had fled in, and murmured to himself, "This may only be a small realm, but as expected, I still can’t contend with the restrictive power of an entire realm. Having said that, even if I only use a small portion of my power, there's no way those two would be able to get away. There has to be an interval of several months between blood sacrifices anyway, so I might as well take this time to have some fun with those two. I hope they'll actually put up some decent resistance so they can entertain me for a while."

As soon as his voice trailed off, he swept a sleeve through the air, and a rainbow cloud appeared beneath his feet before carrying him through the air.

He wasn't flying very quickly, and he seemed to be very calm and relaxed.

......

Two days later, the Six-winged Frost Centipede and the Ice Phoenix were meditating in a crude temporary cave abode erected within the belly of a small mountain.

After a long while, the Six-winged Frost Centipede finally opened his eyes before exhaling a burst of white glacial Qi.

The Ice Phoenix also opened her eyes upon sensing this before appraising him with a complex expression.

"Have you recovered the energy you expended earlier? Even the average Grand Ascension Stage being wouldn't have been able to easily unleash that movement technique. It's a good thing that you obtained that treasure that formed a fourth set of wings for you. Otherwise, there's no way we could've escaped."

"Hmph, I didn't just sit around and twiddled my thumbs during my years in the primordial world. I encountered several significant opportunities during my journey, and there's no way I'll be willing to become a spirit slave to anyone, even a true immortal. As for the energy I expended, don't worry about that; the Plain Yin Star Qi that I absorbed is still within my body, so I can replenish my energy in no time. However, if I can track down the Plain Yin Race and learn their method for communicating with the power of stars to attain a true immortal body, I'll be able to contend even with a true immortal," the Six-winged Frost Centipede harrumphed coldly.

"I guess you can only blame your bad luck. The Plain Yin Race had always resided on the Thunder Continent since ancient times; who would've thought they would suddenly decide to mass migrate to the Blood Sky Continent? Even so, surely it would be delusional to count on them to help you oppose a true immortal," the Ice Phoenix said in a cold voice.

"If this were a true immortal at the height of his powers, then there would be no hope for me at all, but a true immortal that descends into this realm will be restricted by the power of the realm. As such, he'll only be able to unleash 30% to 40% of his power at most, which would make him comparable in power to only some of the more powerful true spirit beings, and that's definitely manageable. Just give me several more centuries, and... Crap, he's catching up again!" the Six-winged Frost Centipede suddenly exclaimed as his expression changed drastically.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2377
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
