# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 283

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Chapter 283: Old Affection

Han Li felt that if he told Mo Fengwu that Mo Caihuan and her mother had disappeared, he would be telling her far too much.

So long as Mo Fengwu knew that her family still lived in this word, that was enough! Wether or not this girl would be able to meet with Mo Caihuan and her mother depended on the world.

Han Li then briefly recounted the events of how he came across Mo Caihuan, causing Fengwu to nearly cry tears of joy.

Mo Fengwu clearly understood that because of Han Li’s identity as an Immortal cultivator, he didn’t need to fabricate such lies to deceive such a weak girl as herself. The reason why the other party was being so polite to her was most likely due to that fated meeting with him so many years ago.

Thus, Mo Fengwu brought her hands together in joy and raised them to her chest, silently praying for a moment before returning to her normal state.

However, her expression toward Han Li was clearly no longer as cold as before.

She clearly realized that in all likelihood, were it not for Han Li’s assistance at Yan Ling Castle, Lady Yan and her daughter would still be in a predicament!

“Many thanks to Young Master Han telling me about the whereabouts of Caihuan and fourth mother.” After Mo Caihuan calmed down, she slowly gave her thanks.

But without waiting for Han Li to reply, she said, “Although my younger sister and her mother are alright, the whereabouts of my eldest sister and my other mothers are unknown. They’ve most likely fallen to some evil scheme. Fengwu cannot help but want to avenge them! However, Fengwu lacks the strength. Can Junior Martial Brother Han help me?”

Mo Fengwu’s words revealed a feeble appearance. A layer of fog covered her eyes in an instant, as if she were about to sob from grief.

When Han Li saw this, he stoked his nose and felt a headache!

He originally thought that if she knew of Mo Caihuan and her mother’s whereabouts, she wouldn’t be so anxious to take revenge. But he didn’t think that Mo Fengwu, whom he hadn’t seen for so many years, would become to strongly attached to this matter!

To tell the truth, killing a Qi Condensation cultivator would be far easier than killing a mortal with status for no reason.

Han Li learned the reason why after he entered Yellow Maple Valley. It turned out that all the many provinces of the State of Yue had been clearly divided between several large clans and the Seven Great Sects.

So long as a powerhouse of great influence had existed for some time within a province, cultivators would secretly pay some attention to them. Some would even be provided assistance from cultivators

Originally, the Lan Province’s Mo Estate and the Hegemon’s Villa were new and developing powers. Thus, they weren’t contacted by cultivators. Else, when Han Li was sent to kill the Hegemon’s Villa’s Ouyang Feitian, how could he have gotten away so easily without being investigated?

However, the Rainbow Sect was different.

That sect had been established more than a hundred years ago and was regarded to be ancient. Thus, the Spirit Beast Mountain of the Seven Great Sects, the controller of the Lan Province, tacitly approved of them. The shadow of Spirit Beast Mountain was most likely looming behind them. As a result, when the Mo Estate fought against them, they suffered great defeat.

As a disciple of Yellow Maple Valley, he couldn’t kill a major mortal leader supported by another sect for no cause or reason; otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to explain himself.

However, with the recent invasion of the State of Yue by the Devil Dao, the secular world had suffered damage. This gave him a good opportunity to act during this time of crisis. With just a bit of carefulness, he shouldn’t have any problems.

As Han Li thought this, he didn’t expose any emotions. Instead, he stood up and paced back and forth within the room.

After another moment of consideration, he gazed at Mo Fengwu’s charming face and calmly said, “Young Lady Fengwu, normally I wouldn't be able to agree to this request since doing so would bring about great problems for me! But the recent circumstances in the cultivation world are quite peculiar. An opportunity might actually arrive. Let’s do it like this! If there’s an opportunity in the future, I will attempt to eliminate the Rainbow Sect’s master. But if it is truly impossible, I hope Young Lady Fengwu will extinguish her thoughts for revenge!”

When Mo Fengwu heard Han Li’s words, she immediately began crying tears of joy. Seeing her bright and beautiful crying beauty caused Han Li to become despondent for a moment.

The year he first saw Mo Fengwu, he was quite moved by that sweet-tempered second young madam of the Mo Estate. To this day, that memory still gave him a kind and warm pleasant feeling, causing him to recall it fondly!

That was the first time he felt feelings of romantic passion!

This small promise was none other than a show of affection!

Despite this thought, his appearance was the same as always. He planned to bury this emotion deeply in his heart and no longer speak of it again.

From Han Li’s agreement, Mo Fengwu eventually looked over to him with happiness.

Her face was filled with appreciation. She didn’t say anything further and walked toward Han Li. Suddenly, she pressed her soft and fragrant lips lightly against his face. Then, with a bashful and slightly perplexed expression, she said, “With Junior Martial Brother Han’s promise, even if you can’t kill that person, Fengwu cannot thank you enough!”

After saying this, the young woman silently donned her cloak and hurriedly left his room.

Han Li touched the spot on his face where he had been kissed with an odd expression. Not long after, he held his chin with a single hand and sunk into deep thought for a very long time.

……

At daybreak on the second day, Han Li woke up from Qi refining meditation and thought of the events that happened last night. He couldn’t help but inwardly sigh. If Mo Fengwu also possessed spiritual roots, he would definitely introduce her to Yellow Maple Valley and cultivate the Great Dao as her Dao Companion.

With this thought, Han Li washed his face and walked out of the room.

He intended to become familiar with the layout of the Qin Residence and then further consider his other matters.

But he didn’t think that just as he walked out, he would discover the smiling Qin Ping in the courtyard.

Without waiting for Han Li’s astonished inquiries, he quickly stepped forward and explained, “This one was ordered by Lord Qin to serve as Young Master’s personal servant for the time being. In the future, if Young Master Han requires any errands to be done, do not hesitate to tell me.”

As Qin Ping spoke to Han Li, his expression was respectful and excited.

His thoughts were quite simple. Although this Young Master Han came from a small region and people wouldn’t see him as very bright, this person was at the center of the lord’s eye and held the lord’s complete favor.

Besides, if he served this Young Master well, perhaps he might also invite the lord’s favor!

As Qin Ping thought this and made his own selfish calculations, he constantly looked down at this young country bumpkin master with disdain, especially when he first heard he was to be his servant!

Qin Ping had already been told by a madam’s maid that this was most likely to be the lord’s illegitimate child. So long as the lord lived, who would dare to treat this young master unfairly? Also, how long he would follow Young Master Han was a matter that would depend on how the tides changed.

This would raise his position far faster than running errands for the third madam!

Han Li naturally didn’t know of this person’s true thoughts, instead feeling only that Qin Ping conducted himself in accordance to Qin Yan’s wishes. He knew he was unfamiliar toward Yuejing and the Qin Residence, so having this person immediately come to guide him was quite timely!

Just as Han Li thought this, he couldn’t help but reveal a smile. Then he bluntly said to Qin Ping, “I haven’t yet seen a large portion of these buildings, so I want to take a look around. How about you accompany me?”

“Yes, Young Master!”

Given his first assignment, Qin Ping enthusiastically answered.

As such, Han Li had Qin Ping lead the way and strolled around the huge Qin Residence.

Although he spoke of the women's quarters, it wasn’t suitable for Han Li to see them up close. Even so, when people saw them pointing it out from a distance, they didn’t dare to say any gossip. After all, Qin Yan’s previous words affected the entire Qin Residence.

“This is the Second Master Fugui’s courtyard. Apart from the second Lord, his two youngest sons also live there. Neighboring that...”

Qin Ping guided Han Li quite well. Unbeknownst to him, han Li secretly committed every name that Qin Ping told Han Li as well as where each master lived.

But when he spoke of “Young Madam Biao” Mo Fengwu’s residence, Han Li’s mind stirred. He paused and looked at it for quite a long time before turning his head away.

Not a long time after, Han Li finished looking through the Qin Residence once through, but somehow it seemed that Han Li was not yet content.

In the end, he bluntly had Qin Ping bring him out of the Qin Residence and out to a lively place in Yuejing. As they wandered randomly, Qin Ping continued to give him explanations.

...

The entire morning passed by as they walked through a few scenic spots in Yuejing.

Qin Ping’s originally enthusiastic expression had long disappeared. At this moment, he was limping behind Han Li with a bitter face.

Who would’ve thought that even after walking for so many hours without the slightest amount of rest, he would still be forced to continue to comment and explain without end? Anybody would feel similarly frustrated in this situation.

Qin Ping even went as far as to suspect whether or not he had chosen the wrong master.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-283
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
