# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2410

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"Ming Zun... Ming Zun of the He Lian Trade Guild?" the Six-winged Frost Centipede exclaimed.

Given the resounding reputation of the He Lian Trade Guild, he had naturally heard of it in the past.

"Hehe, I didn't think that you would know of me, Fellow Daoist. Rest assured, we're extending this invitation to you so that we can vanquish the true immortal that's wreaking havoc in our Spirit Realm; we bear no ill will toward you," Ming Zun said with a smile.

The Six-winged Frost Centipede's expression changed drastically upon hearing this. "Has he already arrived on the Tian Yuan Continent?"

"We have no information indicating that yet, but I think it's only a matter of time. You must also be of the same opinion, given your reaction," Ming Zun replied in an unhurried manner.

"Hmph, seeing as even you've gotten involved, it looks like I have no choice but to comply. I'll come with you, but I'm currently at a critical juncture where I need to recover my energy..." The Six-winged Frost Centipede finally decided to compromise, but at the same time, he took advantage of the situation to state a condition.

"Haha, that's not an issue. If you come with us, our trade guild will cover all of the pills required for your recovery. By the way, this is Fellow Daoist Ice Phoenix, right?" Ming Zun asked as he turned toward the Ice Phoenix.

The Ice Phoenix faltered slightly upon hearing this, then extended a respectful curtsey toward Ming Zun as she replied, "I am. How do you know about me, Senior?"

"There's no need for formalities, Fellow Daoist Ice Phoenix. I recently met with Fellow Daoist Han of the human race, and he asked me to look after you if I ever encountered you," Ming Zun replied in a benevolent manner.

A hint of elation appeared on the Ice Phoenix's face upon hearing this, and she said in a respectful manner, "I understand, I'm also willing to accompany you to your trade guild, Senior."

In contrast, the Six-winged Frost Centipede's expression darkened slightly at the mention of Han Li.

"Thank you for your cooperation, fellow daoists; there are some things that I wanted to discuss with you along the way," Ming Zun said with a smile, then made a hand seal, and an azure boat that was over 1,000 feet in length emerged up above amid a burst of violent spatial fluctuations.

At this point, the Six-winged Frost Centipede and the Ice Phoenix naturally weren't going to change their minds, and thus, they flow onto the giant boat, which then sped away as a ball of azure light.

......

A month later, Han Li was refining his Divine Devilbane Lightning in the secret chamber of the Azure Origin Palace when his expression suddenly changed slightly, and he released an azure talisman out of his sleeve. The talisman transformed into several lines of azure text that hovered in mid-air, and Han Li's eyes narrowed slightly upon reading the message.

"So those two have already been tracked down; the He Lian Trade Guild really is efficient. It looks like a collaboration will be possible, but I can't go to meet them right away, so I'll have to send someone in my stead to ask some questions," Han Li murmured to himself before making a hand seal, then made a voice transmission.

At the same time, his voice rang out in the ears of Patriarch Hua Shi, who was cultivating in another secret chamber in the Azure Origin Palace.

His eyes immediately sprang open, and after listening to Han Li's instructions, he departed from the secret chamber.

Half a day later, Patriarch Hua Shi left the Origin Integration Island.

......

Three months later.

The Armored Boar Race was one of the top 10 most powerful races on the Tian Yuan Continent. In a restricted area of that race, over 100 burly pig-headed Armored Boar guards were standing outside a massive hall.

All of a sudden, faint buzzing rang out within the hall, accompanied by a burst of spatial fluctuations.

Several of the most powerful beings among the guards exchanged a bewildered glance upon detecting this, then immediately made their way into the hall.

After passing through a few corridors, they arrived at a huge hall that was enshrouded under a white light barrier.

Within the light barrier was a giant formation that was around an acre in size, and it seemed to be in the process of being activated.

"What's going on? Why is there someone teleporting here from another continent? General Fei, did you receive any orders in advance?" one of the guards asked in a cold voice.

"Our teleportation hall hasn't received any orders. Could it be that a senior of our race is teleporting here urgently and hasn't had a chance to inform us in advance?" a guard with a claymore strapped to his back replied with a shake of his head.

"That's a possibility. In any case, we'll know who it is soon," the first guard said as his brows furrowed slightly, and he made a hand gesture indicating for everyone to be on their guard.

All of the guards immediately interpreted this hand gesture and fanned out to block the exit.

Almost as soon as these measures were taken, a burst of light erupted from the center of the formation, and a pair of humanoid figures emerged.

The first guard's expression changed drastically upon seeing this, and he yelled, "You two aren't members of our race! Who granted you access to the intercontinental teleportation formation on the other end?"

"Hehe, why would I need permission when I could just kill the people on the other end?" one of the humanoid figures chuckled coldly in response.

These two were none other than Ma Liang and Yang Deer, and the latter was appraising the Armored Boar guards outside the light barrier with a bloodthirsty expression.

"These are enemies! Raise the alarm right away!" the guard with the claymore on his back immediately yelled while hurriedly drawing his claymore.

The other guards instantly sprang into action, and one of them raised a hand to release a red talisman, which shot out of the roof of the hall in a flash.

In the next instant, a crimson fireball appeared above the hall before exploding amid a resounding boom.

The nearby guards were quite alarmed to see this, and most of them rushed into the hall, while the rest of them hurriedly retreated before pulling out a series of formation treasures, which were hurled up into the air.

Wisps of five-colored light surged out of these formation treasures, forming 36 giant copper pillars that plummeted out of the heavens to surround the entire hall.

Each pillar was over 1,000 feet in length and was crimson in color with countless silver spirit runes etched on their surfaces.

The retreating Armored Boar guards' expressions eased slightly upon seeing this, and they cast their eyes out of the hall.

All of a sudden, the entire hall exploded like a volcanic eruption amid a resounding boom, sending countless pieces of rubble flying in all directions.

However, all of the rubble was stopped in their tracks by a fiery barrier that appeared between the copper pillars, then incinerated into nothingness.

At this point, the guards who had rushed into the hall earlier were nowhere to be seen.

The remaining Armored Boar guards were naturally extremely alarmed to see this, and right at this moment, Ma Liang and Yang Deer flew out of the wreckage.

Yang Deer was holding a round object in its hand, which it was chomping on like a snack.

"General Fei!" one of the guards exclaimed as he identified the round object to be the head of their general.

"Attack!"

At this point, it was clear that all of the guards who had rushed into the hall had been killed, and all of the guards immediately activated their formation treasures.

Five-colored light flashed once again, and each of the 36 crimson pillars released a pillar of red light directly toward Yang Deer.

"Hehe, you think such a pitiful restriction can harm me?" Yang Deer chortled as its body expanded drastically like a balloon, and at the same time, it donned a suit of yellow armor.

The pillars of red light struck the suit of armor one after another, only to instantly fizzle out, while Yang Deer remained completely unscathed.

"It would be rude not to return the favor," Yang Deer chuckled coldly as a giant black ax appeared in its grasp before being swung viciously through the air.

A round black blade projection erupted forth in all directions, and the 36 crimson pillars were sliced in half at once, while the red light barrier also faded.

Just as Yang Deer was about to slay the rest of the Armored Boar guards, an impatient look appeared on Ma Liang's face, and he said, "Let's go. What's the point in killing these small fry? We have important matters to attend to."

"Yes, Master," Yang Deer hurriedly replied in a respectful manner, and the black ax in its hand disappeared before it instantly reverted back to its original size.

After that, the two of them departed as two streaks of light, completely disregarding the remaining guards.

In no more than an hour, the two of them had traveled a distance of millions of kilometers.

Just as they were about to emerge from a grassland onto a giant mountain range, Ma Liang's expression suddenly changed slightly as he stopped in his tracks.

Yang Deer immediately followed suit before asking, "What is it, Master?"

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2410
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
