# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2430

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

In the next instant, the translucent thread exploded into a pillar of scorching white light that erupted forth in all directions, instantly inundating everything within a radius of thousands of kilometers.

All of the golden-armored guards were destroyed within the white light, and Jin Tong transformed into a giant beetle again.

At the same time, it curled up into a shimmering golden ball with purplish-golden patterns all over its surface.

As for Ma Liang, he only managed to flee for a short distance before he was also inundated by the white light with a horrified expression.

......

The azure mirror in front of Han Li exploded, but the dazzling white light displayed in the mirror was visible in the distance.

Han Li looked up and cast a grim gaze toward the center of Baleful Cry Point, where rumbling booms were ringing out incessantly alongside the flashing of white light.

A hint of awe surfaced in Han Li's eyes as he sensed the energy fluctuations surging forth from that direction.

"This Bipolar Destruction Formation is truly fearsome! If I hadn't set up these protective measures in advance, I most likely would have perished here as well," Han Li sighed.

Daoist Xie's voice rang out in response. "If this had been a true Bipolar Destruction Formation, you would've indeed been no match for the power of its self-detonation. However, due to the alterations we made, the power of the self-detonation is only around a tenth of what it otherwise would be, so there's a very good chance that you'll be able to survive with your powers."

As soon as the voice trailed off, Daoist Xie appeared behind Han Li amid a flash of silver lightning.

"In that case, wouldn't there be an even greater chance that the true immortal would survive?" Han Li asked.

"That's correct," Daoist Xie replied.

"By your estimations, how much power would that true immortal be able to retain once if he managed to escape the explosion?" Han Li asked with a contemplative expression.

"That's hard to say, but he most likely won't be able to maintain his true immortal body, and he'll suffer backlash to a certain extent. I don't know what secret technique he used to allow him to oppose the restrictive power of this realm, but it's definitely going to come back to bite him," Daoist Xie said.

"In that case, it sounds like you approve of my plan to go and take a look," Han Li said.

"That's ultimately up to you. The enemy is no ordinary true immortal, so there's a very good chance that he'll be carrying True Soul Pills. If you can obtain one, then it'll be a lot easier for you to transcend your ascension tribulation," Daoist Xie replied after a brief hesitation.

"I see. It looks like I have no choice but to take a risk then. Thankfully, in his current state, I'll be able to escape even if I can't defeat him," Han Li said with a faint smile, then swept a sleeve through the air to conjure up a silver lightning formation on the ground.

Lightning flashed brightly within the formation, and both Han Li and Daoist Xie vanished on the spot.

......

At the center of Baleful Cry Point, the white light faded, and the entire area within a radius of thousands of kilometers had caved in by over 100 feet, creating a massive artificial basin.

The entire surface of the basin was as smooth as a mirror with no pits or bumps whatsoever, and there were two objects hovering above the center of the basin.

One of them was a massive golden ball that had been entirely charred black, and it was giving off a burnt scent, as if it had been completely roasted.

The other object was a huge purplish-golden crystal, within which was an indistinct humanoid figure.

The crystal was the first one to shatter, and Ma Liang emerged in a fully nude state.

Not only had he returned to his human form, his face was completely pale and devoid of color, and he wore a very dark expression as he inspected his surroundings.

"As expected of an immortal formation to be able to unleash this much power. It's a pity that it was incomplete. Otherwise..." Ma Liang murmured to himself, but before he could finish his sentence, a series of pink cracks suddenly appeared on the surface of the golden ball.

Immediately thereafter, slabs of cooked meat fell away, and a huge shimmering golden beetle appeared.

Ma Liang faltered slightly upon seeing this before his eyes lit up, and he exclaimed, "Who would've thought that a Gold Devouring Immortal in a mere lower realm has mastered such a profound defensive ability? Haha, this insect's aptitude far exceeds what I had expected!" He then immediately flipped a hand over to produce a silver talisman, which he prepared to toss toward Jin Tong.

At this point, Jin Tong's aura had also become significantly diminished, but a fierce look flashed through its eyes as it prepared to engage Ma Liang in battle.

Right at this moment, countless arcs of silver lightning sprang out of thin air amid a rumbling thunderclap, instantly forming a silver lightning formation that was several tens of feet in size.

Ma Liang's expression changed slightly upon seeing this, and he immediately redirected his silver talisman toward the lightning formation.

The talisman instantly transformed into a giant silver ax that was over 100 feet in length before crashing down viciously toward the formation.

Even before it had reached the formation, a glacial aura swept forth from the ax.

Two indistinct humanoid figures appeared within the lightning formation, and one of them glanced at the oncoming giant ax before raising a hand to release a streak of azure sword Qi in retaliation.

The two clashed, and both were instantly repelled backward.

The giant silver ax disintegrated into specks of spiritual light, while the streak of azure sword Qi returned to its owner's grasp before transforming into miniature azure sword.

The duo within the lightning formation were naturally none other than Han Li and Daoist Xie.

"Hmph, looks like more people with death wishes. Oh? Is that an Immortal Puppet?" A hint of surprise appeared on Ma Liang's face as he identified the nature of Daoist Xie.

"As expected of a true immortal to have so easily identified Brother Xie. Judging from your current state, the backlash from the Spirit Realm must've been quite severe. How much of your power have you retained?" Han Li asked with a faint smile.

At the same time, Jin Tong flew toward him as a ball of golden light before quickly vanishing up his sleeve.

"Looks like that Immortal Puppet must've told you about realm backlash. Hmph, even with just a tenth of my power, it's a simple matter for me to kill the two of you. However, I can spare you if you offer that Gold Devouring Immortal up to me with both hands," Ma Liang said with a cold smile.

"Are you referring to my Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch? Hehe, I'm afraid I can't agree to that," Han Li chuckled in response.

"In that case, I'll just have to kill you and tame that Gold Devouring Immortal," Ma Liang said as he made a grabbing motion, upon which the crimson seal appeared in his grasp amid a flash of crimson light.

Han Li's expression darkened slightly upon seeing this, and the Provenance True Devil Projection emerged behind him amid a flash of golden light.

At the same time, a series of azure sword projections erupted out of his body before rapidly multiplying to form a sea of swords that numbered in the thousands.

As for Daoist Xie, arcs of silver lightning erupted out of his body, giving him the appearance of an almighty Lightning God.

Right at this moment, Han Li felt a burst of heat in front of his chest, and a vial-shaped azure projection emerged through his clothes before rising straight up toward the heavens.

Almost at the exact same moment, a dark green vial flew out of Ma Liang's sleeve before heading directly toward Han Li while emitting a faint buzzing sound.

Ma Liang reflexively swept a sleeve through the air to catch the small green vial, but a hint of incredulity immediately appeared in his eyes at the sight of the vial projection on Han Li's chest.

"You have the Heaven Controlling Vial? Haha, I've been searching the entire Spirit Realm for this vial, only for it to be presented to my doorstep! Looks like there's no need for me to track down that traitor now; I can just offer this vial to the patriarch, and he'll certainly reward me handsomely for my efforts," Ma Liang chortled with glee.

"Heaven Controlling Vial? What are you talking about?" Han Li's expression changed drastically as he focused his gaze on the small green vial that Ma Liang was holding.

"Hmph, don't try to tell me that you don't have a vial like this. The one that I have here is only a replica of the Heaven Controlling Vial, but there's no mistaking its ability to sense the original," Ma Liang said with a cold expression.

"Is this what you're referring to?" Han Li's brows furrowed slightly as he flipped a hand over to produce a small azure vial.

Indeed, the vial was completely identical to the one being held by Ma Liang, except it was of a slightly lighter shade, making it appear even more mundane.

"That's right! Hold on... This seems to only be an empty vessel without a vial spirit. Where did you hide the vial spirit?" Ma Liang's expression changed drastically as he looked down at the green vial in his own hand to discover that it was displaying no further reactions.

"Vial spirit? What's that supposed to be?" Han Li asked as his eyes narrowed slightly.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2430
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
