# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2439

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

A series of silver runes appeared on the surface of the scale, quickly forming a short message: "In two years, the Vast Spirit Dao Fruit Convention will commence on True Dragon Island."

A peculiar look appeared in Han Li's eyes upon seeing this message. "Hehe, I'm sure many powerful beings from other realms will be attending this convention; looks like it should definitely be worth attending. Also, that Vast Spirit Dao Fruit can be consumed to temporarily attain a Vast Spirit Dao Physique, which will be extremely beneficial to the abilities I'm cultivating, so I have to obtain one; it's time for that Tian Fei'er to redeem her promise. Two years should be enough for me to make a trip to the Elder Devil Realm. I'll speak to Wan'er before I go so she doesn't get worried," Han Li murmured to himself.

After that, he stowed the silver scale away before summoning an azure mirror.

He tossed the mirror forward before swiping a finger quickly through the air several times, and a string of white text vanished into the mirror in a flash, following which he proceeded to wait in silence.

Shortly thereafter, lines of white text began to appear on the surface of the mirror, and Han Li only took a quick glance at the message before a faint smile appeared on his face.

Nangong Wan hadn't tried to dissuade him from going, but her concern for him was made very apparent through her message.

Han Li swept a sleeve through the air, and the mirror vanished amid a flash of azure light, following which the giant black ark sped onward at several times its original speed.

......

Two months later, a dark green sword projection suddenly flashed through the murky grey sky over a barren region of the Elder Devil Realm, and a white spatial rift appeared.

Han Li then slowly emerged from the spatial rift with a green wooden sword in his hand, and he inspected his surroundings, upon which his brows furrowed slightly.

This was a very unfamiliar place that he had never been to before.

He was able to enter the Elder Devil Realm smoothly as he had found a fragile point between the Spirit Realm and the Elder Devil Realm, which he was able to exploit using his Profound Heavenly Spiritslash Sword and his immense magic power.

Mo Jianli had once also entered the Elder Devil Realm through a fragile point like he did, but for Mo Jianli, it had been far more difficult, and he had risked his life during that trip.

In any case, Han Li had ventured into the Elder Devil Realm to find the vial spirit, so he didn't care where he was in the Elder Devil Realm.

After ascertaining that there were no devilish beings nearby, he opened his mouth to expel a ball of azure light, within which was a small azure vial that was several inches tall.

Han Li flicked a string of incantation seals toward the vial, and it immediately began to swell drastically in size, reaching around 10 feet tall in the blink of an eye.

At this size, the dark green spirit patterns on the vial's surface had become as thick as human fingers, and were extremely clear and prominent.

Immediately thereafter, Han Li swept a sleeve through the air to release over 100 formation flags, all of which shot forth in different directions before vanishing into thin air.

Han Li then switched to a different hand seal, and countless runes of different colors surged out of the surrounding space, quickly forming a massive light formation with the giant vial at its very center.

After that, Han Li began to chant an incantation, and he drifted into the air above the huge vial before taking a seat with his legs crossed.

The giant vial and the light formation then began to fluctuate erratically in brightness at Han Li's behest, and all of a sudden, a pillar of dark green light erupted into the heavens out of the opening of the vial, then vanished in the blink of an eye.

At the same time, a burst of peculiar energy fluctuations proliferated outward in all directions from the vial.

Meanwhile, Han Li slowly closed his eyes, and continued to chant his incantation.

......

Within a certain mysterious space in the Elder Devil Realm, there was a pond that was filled with silver liquid.

All of a sudden, several of the stone slabs at the bottom of the pond began to glow brightly, and a massive light formation appeared.

Several mysterious runes converged at the center of the light formation, and a dark hole appeared.

In the next instant, a pillar of green dark green light erupted out of the hole, and the pillar of light erupted out of the pond before vanishing at the very top of this mysterious space.

......

Han Li's eyes abruptly sprang open as an ecstatic look appeared on his face.

"The vial spirit really is in the Elder Devil Realm! Looks like I'm in luck," Han Li said with an excited expression as he withdrew his hand seal.

He then quickly made a series of grabbing motions, and the giant light formation beneath him reverted back into formation flags before flying up his sleeve.

Meanwhile, the giant vial shrunk down into a small ball of dark green light before vanishing into his body.

Immediately thereafter, Han Li flew away as a long streak of azure light, vanishing into the distant sky after just a few flashes.

Once every few days, Han Li would unleash the tracking technique again to ensure that he was on the right track.

Along the way, he encountered some devilish beings and cities, but he merely flew directly past them without bothering to stop.

With his current powers, there was most likely no one in the entire Elder Devil Realm who could keep up with him at his full speed.

It was often the case that the devilish beings he passed by would only hear something flying through the air, but couldn't even see Han Li. As such, they could only look around in bewilderment before continuing on their way.

Half a year later, Han Li was standing at the foot of a giant tree on the summit of a tall black mountain with his hands clasped behind his back, and he was looking on at a black sea in the distance with a contemplative expression.

"So the vial spirit is residing in the Devilish Origin Sea? I guess there's only one way to find out. It's not like anyone can stop me anyway, so if worse comes to worst, I'll just have to force my way in."

Having arrived at a decision, Han Li made a hand seal, and spatial fluctuations erupted in the air above the black mountain, following which the Inkspirit Holy Ark emerged.

He hadn't used this ark previously during his travels as it was far too conspicuous, but there was barely anyone residing in the Devilish Origin Sea, so he could use the ark without any qualms.

At the same time, Daoist Xie appeared behind Han Li amid a flash of silver lightning.

"Brother Xie, I'm sure you're far more familiar with the Devilish Origin Sea than me, so I'll be counting on you."

"I'll do my best," Daoist Xie replied in an indifferent manner.

Thus, Han Li swept a sleeve through the air to release a burst of azure light, which swept up both of them before carrying them onto the giant ark.

The puppets on the ark immediately sprang into action at Han Li's behest, and a black light barrier appeared over the surface of the black ark before it forged on ahead.

Countless bolts of lightning came crashing down from the heavens, but the black light barrier remained as resolute as ever, and the ark quickly vanished into the mist up ahead.

......

Close to a month later, the giant black ark was hovering in mid-air above a huge green island.

The giant light formation and the massive vial had been summoned once again, and they were flashing incessantly while Han Li stood at the front of the ark, unleashing the same tracking technique once again.

Just as a thick pillar of light was about to erupt out of the opening of the vial, a cold voice suddenly rang out from deep within the island.

"Who dares to encroach upon the Bitter Spirit Island?"

As soon as the voice trailed off, a massive three-headed black wyrm emerged from the island amid a thunderous roar.

On the central head of the black wyrm stood none other than one of the three devilish patriarchs, Yuan Yan.

"Han Li? When did you enter our holy realm?" A wary look immediately appeared on his face at the sight of Han Li.

"Am I not allowed to come here?" Han Li countered in an indifferent manner as he continued to unleash the tracking technique.

"Hmph, why have you come all the way here to the Bitter Spirit Island again? You've already progressed to the Grand Ascension Stage, so the Spirit Cleansing Pond won't benefit you in any way," Yuan Yan said with a dark expression as he glanced at Daoist Xie, then directed his attention toward the light formation and giant vial.

"Rest assured, Fellow Daoist Yuan, I no longer have any interest in the Spirit Cleansing Pond. I'm here to search for something else, and I'll leave as soon as I find it," Han Li replied.

"What are you looking for?"

"That's not for you to worry about, Brother Yuan," Han Li replied.

Immediately thereafter, he flicked an incantation seal into the light formation down below, and a pillar of dark green light erupted into the heavens from the opening of the vial.

Yuan Yan's expression changed slightly upon seeing this, but after a brief hesitation, he decided not to try and stop Han Li.

Even though news of Han Li slaying the true immortal hadn't spread to the Elder Devil Realm yet, he had become extremely wary of Han Li ever since Han Li had killed the Stemborer Queen.

Furthermore, devilish Qi was very sparse on the Bitter Spirit Island, so it would be unwise for Yuan Yan to engage Han Li in battle here.

Of course, the presence of Daoist Xie also contributed to this decision.

Thus, after a brief moment of contemplation, he decided to remain on the spot and watch what Han Li was doing.

"As expected, the vial spirit is here!"

Han Li quickly arrived at a conclusion before stowing the vial and formation flags away, then flew away with Daoist Xie as two streaks of light.

Yuan Yan immediately followed them without any hesitation.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2439
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
