# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2442

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"I didn't think that news of this would spread so quickly. Unfortunately for them, I've already taken one of the True Soul Pills and sold the rest to several other Grand Ascension Stage beings of our Spirit Realm," Han Li chuckled in response.

"You may be able to fool the average cultivator with such an alibi, but I'm not sure it'll work on the powerful beings attending the convention," Tian Fei'er said with a hint of a smile.

"It's up to them whether they believe me or not. If some of them dare to try and target me, then I'll make sure they're taught a good lesson," Han Li replied with a nonchalant smile.

Tian Fei'er's brows furrowed slightly upon hearing this, but her smile then immediately returned as she said, "Hehe, it looks like you're already well equipped to deal with the situation. By the way, Elder Jin of our True Dragon Race has heard about the True Soul Pills, and he would like to meet you in private."

Han Li's expression changed slightly upon hearing this. "Elder Jin? Are you referring to the Golden Dragon grand elder who's renowned to be the most powerful being of your race?"

"There's no need to be concerned, Fellow Daoist. The Dao Fruit Convention has always been a good opportunity for powerful beings to exchange treasures; Elder Jin is very interested in the True Soul Pills, but he's not going to force a transaction. If you don't want to trade your remaining True Soul Pills, then you don't have to," Tian Fei'er said.

"That's very generous of Elder Jin. Unfortunately, these True Soul Pills are extremely important for my ascension tribulation, so even if I have some in reserve, I have no intention of trading them," Han Li said with a shake of his head.

Tian Fei'er seemed to have already anticipated this response, and she said, "Don't be so quick to refuse, Brother Han. Elder Jin asked me to tell you that what he's offering for exchange is even more valuable than True Soul Pills when it comes to ascension tribulations. As you know, us true dragons are different from normal living beings, and we're not that interested in ascending to the True Immortal Realm. As such, some extremely precious items to other powerful beings are next to useless for us."

"Oh? In that case, I'm certainly open to hearing what Elder Jin has to offer. How about this? I'll make a decision about whether I want to visit Elder Jin once I arrive on the True Dragon Island," Han Li decided after some hesitation.

"I'm sure you won't regret agreeing to meet with Elder Jin, Brother Han. Also, if the trade takes place, word will spread that you've offloaded your True Soul Pills to our True Dragon Race, and no other powerful beings will harass you then," Tian Fei'er said with a smile.

"Hehe, that does sound like an appealing arrangement," Han Li chuckled.

Having said all that needed to be said about the True Soul Pills, Tian Fei'er changed the subject. "Alright, it's about time that we set off. The True Dragon Island isn't far away from the Mohe Realm, but it'll take quite some time to get there."

Han Li naturally had no objections to this and immediately nodded in agreement.

Thus, Tian Fei'er waved a hand upward, a white flying carriage drawn by several red beasts flew out of an ordinary-looking cloud at her behest.

The carriage was over 100 feet in length, and it was as pristine white as jade with all types of beautiful patterns engraved on its surface. The four beasts drawing the carriage were horse-dragon hybrid creatures with dragon horns on their heads and glowing crimson scales all over their bodies.

"These are Draco Horses that are unique to our True Dragon Island. They're not exceptional in battle, but they're extremely strong and possess astonishing stamina, able to run for several months straight without sustenance without any dip in performance," Tian Fei'er introduced.

"That's very interesting. I've seen some so-called Dragon Horses in the past, but they can't even begin to compare with these Draco Horses. Are these creatures sold on your island by any chance?" Han Li asked in an intrigued manner.

"Hehe, of course these low-grade spirit beasts are sold on our island. However, due to some special reasons, these spirit beasts can only maintain their unique desirable qualities on our True Dragon Island. Outside of the island, their bloodline will become thinner and thinner, and in the end, they'll become no different from Dragon Horses," Tian Fei'er replied.

"That's quite a pity," Han Li said as a hint of disappointment appeared in his eyes.

If these Draco Horses could be bred on a large scale, then they would definitely be able to significantly benefit the human race.

"Hehe, there's no need to be too dejected, Brother Han; there are far better things on our True Dragon Island than these Draco Horses, and I'm sure you'll find other things appealing to you," Tian Fei'er chuckled before flying up toward the carriage in the sky.

"In that case, it sounds like it'll be worth the trip even if I don't obtain a Vast Spirit Dao Fruit," Han Li said as he also flew up toward the carriage.

Moments later, the four Draco Horses galloped into the distance with the flying carriage in tow.

The carriage was traveling in an extremely stable manner, as if it were on flat land, and Han Li was quite surprised by this as he looked down at this ordinary-looking carriage.

Tian Fei'er immediately noticed his intrigued expression, and she smiled as she explained, "This Wind Spirit Carriage is constructed from a type of spirit copper that's also unique to our True Dragon Island. Not only is this material over 100 times lighter than normal spirit metals, wind-attribute spiritual power can be injected into it, so it's quite a remarkable material."

"I really am looking forward to getting to the True Dragon Island now," Han Li replied with a smile.

"In that case, why don't we get there sooner?" Tian Fei'er said as she made a hand seal before casting a string of incantation seals into the bodies of the four Draco Horses.

As a result, bright red light radiated from the Draco Horses, and they swelled drastically in size as thick fangs appeared in their mouths, while their eyes took on a crimson-golden color.

Following their transformation, the speed of the four beasts increased by over twofold, and they flew through the air as a long streak of red light with the flying carriage behind them.

......

Several months later, Han Li emerged from a giant hall suspended in a boundless starry sky alongside Tian Fei'er and arrived on a plaza outside.

There was a giant green moon up above that concealed virtually the entire sky.

Actually, it was more accurate to refer to this as a gargantuan semi-spherical island that was entirely enshrouded under a green light barrier, and there were some buildings that were visible on the island.

"So this is the True Dragon Island; it's about the same as what I expected," Han Li murmured to himself.

"Our True Dragon Island wasn't always like this; what you see here is a product of the tireless efforts of many generations of our forefathers. Alright, seeing as your invitation token has already been examined, you'll be able to roam the island as you please during the Dao Fruit Convention, but make sure to stay away from the restricted areas I outlined earlier. I have some overseer duties that I need to attend to, so this is where we'll part ways," Tian Fei'er said.

"Thank you for bringing me all the way here, Fairy Tian; go ahead and do whatever it is you need to do," Han Li replied with a nod.

Instead of immediately departing, a hint of a smile appeared on Tian Fei'er's face, and she asked, "Before I leave, isn't there anything you want to say to me?"

"Oh? Is there something I'm supposed to say to you?" Han Li asked as he raised an eyebrow.

"Hmph, looks like I'll have to raise the matter myself then. I made a promise to you in the past, and I'm delivering on it now. As for whether you'll be able to obtain the Vast Spirit Dao Fruit, that'll be up to you," Tian Fei'er said with a roll of her eyes, then released a white jade slip out of her sleeve.

Han Li's eyes lit up as he drew the jade slip into his own grasp, and a smile appeared on his face as he said, "Hehe, you have my thanks, Fairy Tian."

"Alright, the favor I owe you has been repaid; I'll be taking my leave now." Tian Fei'er extended a parting salute before departing.

Following her departure, Han Li stowed the jade slip away before heading toward a white teleportation formation situated on a corner of the plaza.

The formation was completely unattended, but as soon as Han Li strode into it, a stone plaque that was around 10 feet tall emerged from the ground with an ovular indentation on its surface.

Han Li swept a sleeve through the air, and a streak of silver light shot forth before fitting into the indentation in a flash.

That was none other than the silver scale given to him by Fan Paozi.

As soon as the object entered the indentation, a burst of energy fluctuations erupted forth, and the teleportation formation shuddered as it began to release wisps of white light amid a faint buzzing sound.

Han Li raised a hand to draw the silver scale back up his sleeve, and only then did countless runes surge out of the teleportation formation, following which he abruptly vanished on the spot.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2442
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
